My dear son,
We received your letter to Lucretia
this morning. The Hartford people have given
you less business than some of them gave me
reason to expect but you will be the person
in N.Y. where I hope you will find business in
plenty -- While you stay with us in N.H. you can
finish yr. Mother's portrait --
I wish you to inquire all about Patrick --
I judge he will answer our purpose
for this fall & winter -- We shall not have much to
do other than saving & splitting wood -- taking care
of the fires -- commands -- if he is honest, diligent,
& sufficiently intelligent for these purposes, it
may be well to have him come with you to a
few weeks before Alexander goes -- He will earn his
board -- Let him ride with the driver by Mr. Bennett's
influence -- I think, he can come for a dollar & 100 back in
company, for the same, when we have time -- I think he
will answer well for us -- #
Request Resp. 2d Cooks to write me by you & send
me the books & sheets of the Tick which were to send
to Mrs. Bennett for me -- Also the Mrs. of the 5th Captain to
them, that in my haste of departure, I omitted
to send into Mr. Bennett's bill, which they agreed to pay
two dolts for my passage home -- they may pay it
to you, if they please -- I shall write them myself
on the subject to-morrow -- All them have been sick but
I at stilly but will write them --
I have been quite feeble since I got home,
the effects of my cold -- a cough troubles me at night --
My family, after a pleasant visit, left us yesterday
in the mail, to go on for Stamford & to-day to N.Y.
Yr. Mother is not very well -- Lucretia & the children
quite well -- the latter are the life of the family --
My bank affairs are in quite a good train -- A little
longer patience & continued industry economy will
soon place us at ease, in regard to our debts & support --
We all join in love to you -- Your affectionate
father & brother
[Father & brother]
Friday evening, we have just received your letter of
this morning -- hope to see you Tuesday -- We should
wish you take your departure for home -- we
wish to express to have him ready on Wednesday --
He on second thought -- I think you had better come home without
saying to him Mr. Bennett, that we will write for him, if
we conclude to have him come -- Know every thing he can
do -- He told me he could do housework, cook, wash from his
own clothes &c -- Know what he does at Mr. Bennett's
place --
