The remedy (if you should wish my opinion) would
be very simple, and most consistent with the proposed
design of the Academy -- It is thin -- The Academicians
possessing the whole Executive power, might be
resident Artists (though in London the Royal Academy
there was an exception in the case of Raeburn who never
lived in London) and their number ought to be limited.
The Associates might or might not be limited
and there cannot be the least inconvenience in leaving
the number of them unlimited. -- Now the very term,
Associate, is one peculiarly adapted to such a relation
as Artists, in various parts of the country ought to sustain,
in an Institution professibly national; and by conferring
this where you might not choose to confer the honorary
membership, you would find an opportunity of
discriminating, without belittling or offending any --
In this way, and by the Honorary membership, how resident
Artists would sustain a parallel standing with the
resident Academicians and Associates, subject, however,
to the rule which requires a residence of one year
in New York, before they would be eligible to an election
into the body of Academicians.
While on this subject I will just notice an improvement
which might be made in the initial letter of the
Associate membership. -- The N.A. is definite and will
be easily understood, but the more it is not intelligible
if used in any other place than in the Catalogue.
Why not A.R.A. as properly as A.R.A. -- I think the
initials should not only distinctly indicate the
particular membership, but should also convey
a positive idea of the Academy with which the Artist
is connected.
You will perhaps think I have enlarged beyond
all bounds in the remarks I have made. I certainly
should not have done so, but for the hope of promoting
the interests of the Academy; my personal wishes could
have been expressed in few words -- From what I have
already said, you will not be surprised when I tell you
that I cannot consistently return my thanks for the
vote of membership which has been announced. --
I would not think more highly of myself than I
ought to think -- and I submit my views on this
subject with full confidence in your candour
