1824
Havon Nov. 21.
Dear Sir, I sent, on by your good father some
accounts with E. Thayer, deceased, with he was
to put into your hands for collection. I was to
have written you before this on the subject, but
other business I want of health has prevented.
I sent to Mr Thayer, to collect a balance due
me from the estate of the late Dr. Flinn, and
wish you to collect this out. you will find on the
3d page of this letter.
I suggested to your father that I would
send a few books to be put into the hands of some
of your booksellers for sale, from the availableness
of which I wish to provide for me a half barrel
of best family rice. These books, selected mostly
for family use, I have sent to Messrs. J. Babcock
&c Booksellers in your City, directed to you. An invoice is on p. 3. -- the box contained more than I had
intended to send -- I wish you my dear sir to
give yourself no other trouble about these books
than having to call at Babcock's store to see the box
opened & compared with the invoice. You will take
such of the books as your friends may wish to take, if any, for
your own libraries, at 25 p. C. discount from the marked
retail prices -- the rest, leave with Messrs. J. Babcock
whom I shall give directions, either to take them
to their own act. at a cash price or to turn them
into cash immediately at Auction. Out of the details,
your brother, the Pastor, will do me the favor to procure
itship me the rice, giving me a line by another vessel
informing me of the shipment.
I must beg your brother's pardon for giving
you this trouble -- I hope in the manner I have arranged
it it will take up but little of your time -- I should
be sorry if it should not be so.
The Babcock has a brother, a bookseller in this City
a Dr of Mr. J. Babcock, on his brother here, would perhaps
be the best mode of remittance of money to me, the
easiest for you.
Enclosed is a letter to Messrs. J. Babcock & Co.
As to our health &c we are about as when your parents left here. You will
please to remember affectionately to them your sister Mary
97821
The vessel that is to carry out this letter, will leave this
port on Monday and will sail for New York on Tuesday. The box with the books in it may
be left here for other purposes than the books. I send this mail.
