Atlantic, Lake and Mississippi Telegraph Range,
INCLUDING THE OHIO VALLEY.
CIRCULAR.—To all interested in the Atlantic and Ohio Section of Telegraph.
GENTLEMEN.—Pursuant to a Resolution on the subject, I now transmit to each one of you,
as far as your names and residences are known to me, a copy of the Proceedings of the Meeting
of Stockholders of the Atlantic and Ohio Telegraph, held in Philadelphia, on the 1st of March,
instant.
Respectfully yours,
HENRY O'RIELLY, Sec.
Atlantic and Ohio Telegraph.
A meeting of Stockholders in the Line of Telegraph
between Philadelphia and Pittsburg, was held at the
American Hotel, Philadelphia, on the 1st of March,
1847.—HUGH DOWNING, Esq., was appointed HENRY
O'RIELLY, Secretary.
The object was stated to be the consideration of
measures for permanently organizing the Line, and
adopting suitable articles of association for its management, for the purpose of organizing, which for the
construction of the Line have hitherto fulfilled its purpose.
The Secretary read copies of the notices that had
been transmitted to subscribers and other interested
and the following of Professor George W. Myers, who were not present. At the suggestion of Mr
McKee, the reply of Mr O'Reilly to Mr F. O. J.
Smith was also read.
Judge SELDEN, of Rochester, then stated that one
of the chief objects of this meeting was to receive
from Mr O'Reilly, the Superintendent, the survey of
Atlantic and Ohio Section of Telegraph between
Philadelphia and Pittsburg and the following letter,
transmitted in connection with the possession of the company, was then read:
To the Stockholders of the Atlantic and Ohio Telegraph.
Philadelphia, March 1, 1847.
Gentlemen.—Having for a long time of necessity
awaited an opportunity for submitting to you
the Line of Telegraph constructed by me for you by
recent survey between Pittsburg, a city of the
Atlantic, Lake and Mississippi Rivers, I now see
the earliest practicable moment for accomplishing
that purpose. I now, therefore, formally hand that
Line over to you, and I am confident that Mr
Reid to prepare for your examination a statement of
the receipts and expenditure consequent on the
operation of that line, and that you will put
it into use—that you, and all others interested, may
know exactly how the receipts and expenditures have
compared with the partial working of the line in
its incipient stage.
In thus handing over to you the Line, I deem it
proper that I should establish a basis upon which
it is satisfactory condition, wherever it may be deemed advisable to construct, and will cheerfully consent to submit it from your Board or
from your Superintendent, for their review if it
satisfactory, in every reasonable manner, as my
earlier communications with the whole line to the
Mississippi and the Lakes, proved every thing of
it, in the best practicable order for the business of
the public and the interests of all concerned. Indeed, it is
my intention to make complete survey of the line,
I have now engaged a suitable party to proceed immediately with some of the improvements.
It of all things, I desire to impress upon the
line useful and profitable, and in any way that my
assistance can be rendered beneficial, assistance will
be on every hand given to you for that purpose.
In every arrangement made by myself and
my associates for extending Lines of Telegraph between the Atlantic and Lakes, and Mississippi, you
may rest assured that the most seriouscious care
will be taken to consult and defend the interests of all
who have invested in the line, the Atlantic and
Ohio section, which I now deliver over to your
possession; and I confidently assert that the results
upon this line will more simply realize all reasonable
attentions of those who will invest in the new
enterprise.
With my hearty thanks for the confidence and
friendship I have experienced from the stockholders
generally, during the construction of this important
section of Telegraph, I conclude with the assurance
that if with your permission I may use
their courtesy by always endeavoring to render to
this line every aid in my power, while carrying out
the construction of the new and important Atlantic Telegraph System towards the Lakes and the Mississippi, and in other sections of the United States.
Respectfully yours,
HENRY O'RIELLY.
On motion of WILLIAM MCKEE, Esq., of Philadelphia, the foregoing letter was ordered to be filed
among the Records of the Company.
After considering the importance of adopting
immediate measures for insuring accuracy and
promptness in the working of the Line, by a thorough
revision of the articles of association, Judge
SELDEN submitted the following resolution:
"Resolved, That, until permanent and satisfactory
arrangements are made for the business of
the Line of Telegraph between Philadelphia and
Pittsburg, the said company shall be placed
under the management of James D. Reid, as
Superintendent thereof as far as compatible with
his ability and experience, and that said Superintendent
shall have instructions to employ, with the consent of
the President and Secretary of this Company, such
agents as he, chief, and other assistants as may be
required for the advancement and profitable working
of the Line—to deposit all monies received with
the Treasurer of the Company—first paying out of the
earnings of the line all necessary expenses, to keep
an accurate account of all receipts and expenditures.
That the Superintendent shall hand to the Treasurer one
forty of the evails over the above expenses, for
the use of the Patent or Invention which may be
assigned to the Line, and residue to be kept for division among the other persons interested in proportion
to their respective interests in said Line—said
Superintendent reporting weekly, at least, to the
President and Secretary of the Company, the operations of the
Line, and having his books open for inspection of the
Stockholders at all proper hours.
The President, in his capacity as such as the Constructor,
in delivering over the Line to the Company, has expressed his intention to supply any suggestions or improvements in the direction of the Line, and Superintendent
be instructed to examine and inquire into the condition of the Line; and to call upon Mr.
O'Reilly to make good any deficiency which may be
found to exist in the sums appropriated to said
Line.
Also some remarks from GEORGE H. HAIG, Esq.,
concerning the compatibility of Mr. Reid's duties in
the Superintendency of both Companies, the above resolution was addressed to.
In reference to Articles of Association, the following Draft was reported by Judge SELDEN, from a
Committee appointed for a special occasion:
"ARTICLE 1.—No member of this Company shall be held to any
liable for liability for any amount of capital stock
subscribed by him. No member, Director, or
Director, or other officer or agent of this Company
shall be authorized to contract any debt or obligation
on behalf of the members individually, or upon
any other fund than the capital stock, property,
and income of the Company.
"ARTICLE 2.—The line or lines of Telegraph constructed
by this company, shall be open alike to all men
and all public authorities who shall tender and pay
for the use of the line, and in no case shall it be
used, and the first to come into be first served, without
regard to sex, wealth or station; subject to reasonable
and necessary time and cost of construction;
except that a preference may be given to the Government in great public emergencies, and to promote the
interests of the subscribers from justice and prevent the
commission or commission of crime.
"ARTICLE 3.—The grantees of the patent right shall not establish,
nor shall they grant to others the power to establish,
any Telegraph. The purpose of the present line
communicating between these two points of the line to be
conveyed by them in trust for the use of this Company, nor shall they send or authorize the sending of
