what the Patentee here means to claim when he says he claims the system of dots and lines in combination with the recording telegraph. What are the elements of this combination? It is not dots and lines in combination but the system that is the Patentee's system of dots and lines in combination with the magnetic telegraph, that is with all the other apparatus of the Telegraph for recording signals. Did the Patentee mean to claim such a combination as this and what is his language seems to import? If so any essential change in any part of the Machinery would break the combination. This part of the patentee's claim is so broad and so general that it is impossible to come to any certain definite result concerning it. I should think it pretty clear that the use of dots alone or lines alone however varied in their positions to indicate ideas or degrees of ideas would be no infringement of this patent. The answer to the third question has already been to a great extent given. But I will add I have no doubt in answering this question in the negative as I have before remarked the use of dots alone or of lines alone, would be no infringement of this patent.
In answer to the fourth question; I remark that in any judgment the use of Balls as the question supposes, would be no violation of Mr. Morse's patent. The Balls can in no sense be considered as a system of digits consisting of dots and lines although they may be used to accomplish the same object. It is not the object that is patented but the means of accomplishing that object. The means may be various; and if always and means of accomplishing the object are patented, then the door is closed against all future improvement by any one else. In conclusion I remark that on some points I have not arrived at that clearness and certainty which is always desirable and most satisfactory.
The subject of this patent is almost entirely new and we are in the out precedents in point. We are obliged to apply as far as applicable the general principles of the Patent law. Your friend with much esteem
Zell Stephen
