28 Gloucester Road, New Roads, London, Feb 23rd 1847.
Dear Sirs,
I am sorry by the Board of Trade to inform you that the steamers from Liverpool which
comes this letter, the first, which I informed to some necessity between the "Steamer
Opposition to the Telegraph Telegraph Company's Bill," and the two numbers of the
Petal Journal containing an account of Mr. Hill's new Electric Magnet Telegraph are
so badly apparatus. Letting me your application as to being in duty at the Public
Exhibition at this time the other English Electric Magn. Telegraphs, and I have been there
since my day for twenty days, just for the purpose of being, during the fortnight to you
may think which I should think you might have intelligence; but Professor Bacheffner
is sick at present and unable to lecture, &c &c I must defer my report till the next
steamer.
I have just glanced at the description of Nott's apparatus in the Petal Journal
and I see that it is a very complete way of telegraphy. You can
record rapidly. The mode I think of your saw teeth type at one end of the wire with
the dots and dashes at the other, this more satisfactorily than of the perfection of your principle.
You must be careful of recording in conversation or writing the amount of information which
you can give in a minute given time. You can record in a minute given time. You can record as
rapidly as the most rapid human can write. This is altogether too moderate. Your
only hind is the number of vibrations that can be made by the most rapidly vibrating
point. Compromise vibration can be made to complete the circuit at one end and in fact a
dot or dash at the other with a certain number of these dots and dashes (according to
believe) three for each letter) you can indicate every letter in a minute, twenty words in a
sentence, (certainly then the most possible number of vibrations that could be made with
most delicate apparatus) & practically constructed apparatus in a minute's divide it by
3 for the number of letters which you can record in a minute by one wire. Have you
recorded in the number of dots that can be made on paper in a minute by the most
rapidly vibrating point? You cannot to think of human letters over this matter is another
that it is only two hundredths. I believe you will find in trial or inquiry that it is
several thousandths. Whatever it is, one third of it is the number of letters that you can
record in one minute with one wire. Multiple the number of wires, you multiply
the same proportion the amount of information that can be communicated.
100377 I am glad that great improvement is attached to your invention in America to finish
in the common letter, and that you are about to take a method of dots by your
apparatus. What is your method if I do not know, but presume it is some simple modification
of the saw teeth type principle by which the dots and dashes are thrown upon the surface
of Roman or Greek letters. It is obvious that if you used ordinary type instead of
handwritten type, one should read over them in 9 parallel lines, 9 parallel lines by 9 wires
with 9 wires at the other end of the telegraph line your paper would show and letters as these:
What hath God wrought
(500000000000000000000000000000000)
