of this war are well weighed, you will not join the cry, against the Adminis-
tration, of those who for mere party ends lose sight of their country's greater interests.
In forming an opinion of the action of the Government, one consideration seems to
be wholly lost sight of by the unpopulated cartilages of the Tribune & Express
school. They forget that our Government is from its very nature, susceptible
of information known only to itself. Every resolution of inquiry, in Congress,
is based on this fact, and supposes that government has secret information, of the designs
of other governments, which to divulge before the world would be detrimental to the public
interests." If the more than hints given out of foreign influence of European powers with
our Concerns are well considered, our difficulties with Mexico are deeper than can be
futilely shorn by Government authority. The hints and not hints merely of putting a
French or Spanish Monarch on the Mexican Throne, which for years have been false,
will furnish some clue to what I mean. The inordinate hostility of the Mexican
Hierarchy, who cannot but foresee the downfall of their power if we should come
into the door to all our offers of negotiation for peace, though that
war has marred all their designs, and how far these designs are
connected with the Leopold operations in our own country, may be judged of
if not positively known. Dreadful as war is, and to be deprecated when it can
possibly be avoided, I am not a non-resistant under all circumstances, but
believe that the Armies of a nation are to be looked upon in the light of a Sheriff's
Armed Process which at the bidding of the nation must execute the law, responsible
only to God for its right use or abuse. Our Government has allowed the
Sheriff to execute the law on Mexico, and in view of the above considerations
my leanings are with the Government of my country; I do not hold to the false
axiom "My Country Right or Wrong," but my Country is the right, and I believe her.
If your position in regard to the slavery question had been maintained here
in the formation of our branch of Evangelical Alliance, the Alliance
would probably have been popular and large, but as it is I consider it
a perfect failure. I signed my name previous to the discussion of the
basis; I have serious thoughts of with drawing it, with my reasons if
thought necessary. Your ground is the only true ground here, and
the disgust and indifference manifested, will show these rabid Ab-
olitionists that they have mistaken their ground. I have no idea of
taking a false step, out of courtesy to the narrow-minded, illiberal prejudices
of British Tories.
We are all well, except little Willy, the youngest of Richards'
who is teething, we hope nothing serious though he is feeble. I had
letter from Susan a few days ago, I think she may be here in
July, witte little Charley whom she lays is growing finely, and is truly
a smart boy. I long to be in a condition to have them return and
live with me. Perhaps it is nearer, than they imagine, that is
100491
