Mr. Smith, Louisville, Kentucky
Sept. 29. 1867
Postscript More
to the
I last night left at the Union office another No in favor of the purchase of the telegraph
system proved, and a certain time when they may publish it, or whether they can find room for it from a proof
of the matter, than they should not refer to you in the following reply, in which I am sure, the note is more in
particular
The United States Telegraph & Construction Co.
It must be obvious I understand to call the attention of Congress to this point, calling to the subject of the tele
graph and its extreme urgency of the occasion on which demanded a prompt decision on the proposal
of the P. R. G. for its purchase by the government. Nothing is left to be added to the forcible reasons of the P. R. G.,
in support of the measure. We have demonstrated the policy of not law making for the proposition, and raised the
question to the forbearance of a telegraph, when the most serious belief given the telegraph is meatable that we
must have it. What must be the consequences of its becoming in the hands of private companies, and indivi
duals? It only that it may become an instrument of danger to the community by getting hands in contravention of
provisions, but may become an instrument, most of the United States in the income of mail services by the transmission of
particular intelligence in the telegrams of the Union. The necessity of its purchase being undeniable, it is asked what
profitable objection can be urged against it? Is it money? Not a dollar in hand will be required to close the bargain.
The government is required only to subscribe its order in favor of the stock redeemable in 50 years, or as long as it shall be
in existence of 3% interest and the business is done. This clock, dividend among the existing three wire companies, would be readily
needed in payment, or complete fulfillment of the profits, to the payment of the interest would cease that clock as far as
the time from New York to Chicago has already made a dividend as in case of interest, and a dividend yields
a large sum as the next annual declaration. The loss from the city to Baltimore in taxes for 3% profit, in a year
that the business is between the cities of Philadelphia has accumulated so rapidly, that the operations have been
enjoined for some at night to the midnight. What thus must be the result when the mail line is continued between Baltimore with its
numerous tributaries favoring in to this channel to multiply its profits and increase its benefits? Was any matter of public
interest then, or will be worthy the preservation.
It has been estimated by a most calculating, that the time, within a year after this telegraphic provision, will
pay by calculation on a capital of 7 millions - But as it would not cost half that much, an many estimate that it
will pay for itself in a few years.
