1. The Batteries & Circuits required for the operation
of the Register & Correspondent are thus arranged.
First plan.
In Plate IV Fig. 1. A B. is the main battery of any con-
vient number of guns. A portion of the battery B is
separated from A to be connected or disconnected as circum-
stances may require, so as to form one larger or two smaller
Batteries, by means of a Basculle D which is made to con-
nect the long circuit, either at E or F by a magnet C
with from each other with a small battery F, by connecting
with each other with the Conductor Plate E.
When the Cross of the Basculle touches F, the portion of the
battery A is thrown out of the circuit, and the portion B
alone acts, when it touches E the whole battery is brought
in action. The Cross of the Basculle is so contrived that
in passing from F to E or E to F there is an instant when
it touches both E and F and consequently there is a momentary
short circuit in the direction of the arrow G. to the other
pole of battery A. If opposed to the current from the
battery B which is in the direction of arrow H. It should
this prove on experiment to be destructive of the current
from battery B, then recourse must be had to Plan 2.
which will presently be described. — The
Basculle is placed between the Register & Correspondent
The Operation of the Parts together.
If when the Styles a. Plate III. stands at A any other
should be pressed down, the Defect b. is also depressed and
releases the Styles which then passes through the Machinery below
which also carries the Circuit wheel D. which is broken, and closes
the circuit of the battery B between each intermediate
letter L and K. The Styles touches the depressed key, bringing a current
of the battery B through terminals P to Q, the Shaft of the Styles, to the
key through the battery C, and through the metallic frame to V. Through magnet
E in the direction of the arrows to the other pole of the battery T. this
brings magnet C into action, attracts Basculle D, changing connection
from E to F and joining Batteries A & B in one Battery, and
sending a wire
100341
