New York March 29th 1847
Dear Sidney, We received your letter by the Hibernia which
would have been more grateful had they been longer. We are glad to hear of
your continued health, but should have been more rejoiced to know that
you were soon coming home, for we want to see you, we get no clue
to the time we may expect you. Yet you need not return on account
of the suffering of any interest, I believe all is going on well in Ohio
on matters. I suppose that Emoryphy would take a less fine and more
magetic position if you were here, as Mr. Thomson when I see him says,
"I wish your brother would come back again soon," not that there is any
particular difficulty, but that he needs some one to lean upon.--
Your letter on Slavery has been published not only in Ohio but in the
Journal of Commerce, and has made a very favorable impression. I think
you have shut them mouths completely in Britain, and it appears to me
that they are much quieter since, or I hear less of their doings. Richard
& I are having an edition published in pamphlet form for distribution. I
hope you will continue to write on this and kindred subjects with your strong
pen. Have you ever thought of collecting while you are in England the
materials for writing the life of Tomwell? His life should be written by
an American, not by a Churchman of the English monarchical stamp.
He has never had justice done to him, for he has been in the hands of his
enemies. You could do him justice.--
I am now in New York permanently; that is, I have no longer any official
connection with Washington, and am thinking of flying down here
so soon as I can get my Telegraphic matters into such a state as to warrant
it, but my patience is still much tried, although the enterprise looks well,
and is prospering, yet somehow I do not command the cast, as some business
men would, if they were in the same situation. The property is doubtless
good, and is increasing, but I cannot use it, as I could the money, for while
every body seems to think I have the wealth of John Jacob, the only sum
100450
