4
The Patentee further states, that there are various known
modes of producing motion by Electro-Magnetism; but none
of them, he says, have been before applied to give motion to
printing or recording machinery; which he says is the chief
point of my invention -- what then is this claim, when extracted from the words in which it is expressed? It appears to me that this is a claim to the exclusive right of the use of the Electro-Magnetic Power to move machinery of all kinds and descriptions for recording sounds or signs for telegraphic communication -- The Patentee does not claim to be the inventor of the machinery used to record the sounds and signs but in this item of his claim, simply the application of the Power of Propulsion to the use of which he expects an ever-increasing demand. The Examiner stated that the only requisite of his claim is that he should state that the exclusive right of the application of the Electro-Magnetic power to move machinery. Can a man by a Patent gain an exclusive right to use for a particular purpose the expansive power of Steam? Can a man gain the exclusive Right to the use of any of the laws of Nature for any particular purpose however new? Such as the attraction of gravitation Repulsion -- The expansive power of Steam! The incompressibility of water or any of the elements of nature, The machinery by which any of these principles are used may be patented; but the principles themselves can not be the subject of a Patent -- they must always remain open and free for every one to experiment upon. Otherwise the Patent Law instead of promoting the improvement of the useful art would be a bar to such improvements. The Authorities fully sustain these positions. Philips on Patents chap. 7. § 1. p. 95 de Judson on Patents, 4th Edition & cases there cited Bentham & Waller Bull Dr. Henry Blood 485 by Spence C. J. "It is the better opinion that the Patent for the application of a principle must be as bad as one for the principle itself." Also in Kings Whaler End Barns 350 By Affolot C. J. "But no
