actuate or give motion to printing or recording machinery which
is the chief point of my invention and improvement. I also
claim the system of signs consisting of dots and lines substantially
as herein set forth and illustrated in combination with the key
for recording signals. I also claim the types and rule in combi-
nation with the signal levers as herein described for the
purpose of connecting and breaking the circuit of galvanism
and electricity. I also claim in combination with an electric
magnet used for telegraphic purposes the time of clock work
actuated by a weight or spring for the purpose of carrying the
material on which the record is to be made under the registering
pin substantially in the manner specified. I also claim the
combination of two or more circuits of galvanism or electricity
generated by independent batteries by means of electromagnets
as above described."
This claim is not expressed in as concise and clear
language as it might have been. If I understand the claim
it is the application of the Power of Magnetism to move ma-
chinery to make sounds and record signs for telegraphic com-
munications. This is the idea expressed in a few words. The
making use of the power of magnetism when developed is
making use of the magnetic power and nothing more. The means
of operating or giving Motion to Machinery is briefly applying the Power
of Magnetism to that purpose. In the next sentence of this claim
the Patentee states that the only way in which the galvanic
current has heretofore been professed to be used is by decompositio
and the action or exercise of the deflective force of a current
upon a magnetized bar or needle; and he states that the decompo-
sitions and deflections thus produced were the subject of inspection
and had no power of recording any communication. This sentence
was intended to show that the Patentee did not claim the
Galvanic current for all and every purpose; and in all its
properties; for he states how its deflective force had been used
before and immediately adds "I therefore characterize my Telegraph
as the first recording or printing Telegraph by means of Electromagnetism"
3
