communications, which should appropriately pass over this time, by any more equitable and uniform line; but this Company shall also be bound to transact communication over the line without other charge than a due proportion of the revenue arising therefrom, and in the respective distances they may pass over this and other lines.
This Company shall also be bound to connect with localities in the territory of the United States the charges arising on matter sent over any part of this line, and outward upon such local lines, or on such other lines as may be agreed upon by the parties interested.
4. In all meetings of the Company, the stockholders shall entitled to one vote for each share held by them respectively; but no one stockholder shall hold more than one sixth part of the aggregate votes of the Company.
The holders of a majority of the stock shall constitute a quorum to do business; and every question shall be decided by a majority of the votes provided, a majority shall entitle one third of the stock. Stockholders may vote in person, or by agents constituted for that purpose in writing.
5. The Capital Stock of the Association being Three Hundred Thousand Dollars, may be increased or added to, at any meeting of the stockholders, for any purpose whatsoever, by vote of a majority of the stock of any party; provided, however, that no such addition or increase shall be made except by vote of a majority of the whole stock of the Company.
6. The affairs of the Company shall be under the control and management of nine Directors, any five of whom shall constitute a quorum to do business. They shall hold their offices for one year, and until others are chosen in their places. The Directors shall meet together annually in the annual meeting, and shall hold their offices for one year and until others are chosen in their places. It is provided that the Directors shall consist of not less than one President, two Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Treasurer and Superintendent, who shall hold their offices for one year, and until others are chosen in their places; but shall be liable to be removed at any regularly called meeting of the stockholders by a majority of the votes of the stockholders. The Board of Directors shall draw up a tariff of charges, and a system of by-laws and regulations for the government of the offices and management of the properties of the Association, which shall be subject to revision and alteration at the next regular meeting of the stockholders.
No money shall be disbursed except by order of the Directors, or in pursuance of the general rules and regulations adopted by them.
8. The Superintendent and Secretary shall have the general superintendence of the affairs of the Association, subject to the control of the Board of Directors.
The Superintendent and President of the Company, or the Stockholders or Directors shall draw all the drafts upon the Treasurer, sign all certificates of stock, and shall act in all matters before the Board of Directors upon the requisition of any two members thereof.
The Secretary shall keep minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors. Such minutes, which shall be open to the inspection of any stockholder, shall commissary all drafts upon the Treasurer and all certificates of stock, and shall keep a record of all issues and transfers of stock, and keep the books of the Association. He shall also notify the Stockholders and Directors of all meetings.
9. It shall be the duty of the Superintendent to see that the line is kept in all respects and at all times in good working condition; that the various offices are kept in good order and in good repair; that the personnel of all kinds; and that all the rules and regulations adopted by the Board for the government and management of the various offices are faithfully observed.
10. The Superintendent, with the concurrence of the President and Secretary, shall select all express clerical agents, messengers, and employes for every description, and shall be considered responsible for the proper management of all the offices along the line.
11. The President and Superintendent shall appoint some suitable person to perform the duties of Secretary or Superintendent, during the temporary absence of the Superintendent or President, whose appointment shall for the time being possess all the power, and be subject to all the responsibilities, of the officer in whose absence he is acting.
12. The Treasurer shall receive all monies collected, pay all drafts and dividends made pursuant to the rules and regulations adopted by the Board, and shall have an account of his receipts and disbursements, and a true statement thereof quarterly to the Board of Directors, who shall lay the same before the Stockholders at the next succeeding meeting. He shall also, when required, give security to the Board, for the amount they shall direct, for the faithful discharge of his duties.
13. The annual meetings of the Stockholders shall be held in Philadelphia on the first day of June of each year. Such particular statement of the affairs of the association shall be submitted, and at the same time the election of officers for the ensuing year shall be made. The said officers shall be appointed from time to time, as occasion may require, and Special Meetings of the Stockholders may be called by the President, or by any two of the said holders of one-third of the stock, stating the object for which said meeting is called, and in which ten days notice shall be given to the Stockholders, or through the Post Office: at which meetings no other subject shall be discussed than that contained in the subject of the preceding. The votes of all officers elected by the Stockholders shall be fixed by those of the officers in the employ of the company by the Board of Directors.
14. In case it shall be determined at any time to increase the amount of capital stock, for the purpose of enabling the Company to make other alterations in improving the line or extending and facilitating its business, the holders (at the time of such determination) of the subject of one-third of the capital stock shall have the privilege of substituting for the additional capital in proportion to the amount of stock held by them respectively, and such substitution, as required by the contract referred to in article 15, to the extent of the said capital, to be provided for and issued for them accordingly, in the process, as of said contract.
15. The Board of Directors shall have power to select or assent to the selection of Trustees to receive and hold the title to Moses' Patent, and are authorized to appoint such Trustees as they shall think fit. The stock of this Company, upon their appointing on their part with the provisions of their contract with Henry Moses, shall be subject to transfer and may be sold by resolution direct as to the time and mode of all issues and transfer of stock; and may declare dividends payable in cash, or in depreciated securities of the profits of the line and not otherwise. They shall also appoint one Delegates to the Board of the Atlantic, and one to the Maryland and Ohio Company, for consultation and advisement in reference to the common interests of all the lines embraced within the province of said company, and to render such reports as may be required. The Board of Directors shall be empowered to make such alterations in the Articles of Association as may be required by the common interests of all the lines embraced within the province of said company, and to render such reports as may be required. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to make such alterations in the Articles of Association as may be required by the common interests of all the lines embraced within the province of said company, and to make such reports as may be required. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to make such alterations in the Articles of Association as may be required by the common interests
16. The Board of Directors shall have power to appoint one or more Trustees to receive and hold the title to Moses' Patent, and are authorized to appoint such Trustees as they shall think fit. The stock of this Company, on their appointing on their part with the provisions of their contract with Henry Moses, shall be subject to transfer and may be sold by resolution direct as to the
17. The Board of Directors shall appoint one Delegates to the Board of the Atlantic, and one to the Maryland and Ohio Company, for consultation and advisement in reference to the common interests
18. The Board of Directors shall appoint one or more Trustees to receive and hold the title to Moses' Patent, and are authorized to appoint such Trustees as they shall think fit. The stock
19. The Board of Directors shall appoint one or more Trustees to receive and hold the title to Moses' Patent, and are authorized to appoint such Trustees as they
2
