possibly can, I have read Mr. Smith's many a number of your letters
they appear very friendly to you I hope if it is not attended with more expense
that you will try to see them before you embark but you must do as the custom
say out your Coat according to your Cloth and not go to any expense beyond
what would be prudent for the sake of saving them - Mr. Court has another
daughter they have now three Daughters & a son besides Daniel Barnes
Mr. Evans son by her former husband, I shall leave this side of this letter for
your paper to fill up with any opportunity good long letters but nothing
of politics.
Mr. G. L. Your poor mother has left one little trade. We have today had our March
meeting and decided the election for the year The Democrats cannot compete by an increased
majority inasmuch as they are in some measure for the Union. I hope the good effects
of peace will be to do away party spirit in some measure at least as it is the basis of
our happiness & prosperity -- You strongly urge the Federal candidate for Gov. & Vice-Genl
agt. of the Democrats -- It must have surprised you to see them between candidates for
the two opposite parties -- All parties rejoice that the war is terminated. It has cost us
dear -- 50,000 lives, & 200,000,000 dollars. This is the estimate of expenditure of Washington
who has had access to the best sources of information of greater length & more accuracy.
I have promised I shall send by this ship, 7th the first 1000 books from Boston & drafts
which will amount to $84,000, (including the draft of $25,000) debts you by the papers in absent
sent to Mr. Brownfield since your arrival in this -- This is at the rate of $1000
since you left us, exclusive of your passage -- I hope this will appear
to you as sufficient to save all your expenses, your passage home
will send you another small side of $25,000 just July to pay for the ships
of Mr. Brownfield man as vacant -- I have written for you -- I want to know
if you will be sufficiently to your expenses for your passage home
to Boston & other places on your return -- I am sending
now exhibiting his standing & prospects of his being elected to the
office of Governor of the United States & to the office of President of the United States
& to the office of Secretary of War & to the office of Secretary of the Treasury & to the office of
Secretary of the Navy & to the office of Secretary of the Interior & to the office of Secretary
