is in a decline -- There have been no deaths lately that I attended
among your acquaintance -- You will find the book seller (your
brother) shot himself with a pistol by accident a few days ago in
pleasant party down at Sandwich -- If Walker is in the Eng. you may
tell him that his uncle Genl Walker is dead & to be buried to-morrow
the mother is recovering from a violent attack of fever -- We are
all in usual health. Jefferson is now with us for a few days &c
I do not have yet yet gone to Littlefield -- We hardly know how to
part with him -- Rich. is yet in doubt about his profession
Mr. & Mrs Taylor of N. Haven have just p.r us a pleasant visit --
our & my Webster also has been to Ansonia in this state --
is a representative from that town -- Our Wednesday night is to be
a religious celebration of the recent events in Europe which we
hope are introductory to a general peace throughout the world.
These events yield to all good people here the highest felicitations.
We hope that our own unhappy country will not speedily participate in the great & most desirable blessings
of such a Peace. Present my most cordial congratulations on these events to Messrs Colburn & Thompson
Macaulay & Dr. Litchmore as you may have seen -- I have
not time to write further of them by this post.
My dear son -- your affectionate parents rejoice
in the great event above alluded to as on other accounts
especially on and for your dear children, as they give us
to hope that they are to act their part on the stage
of life in a calmer period of the world, more favorable to enjoyment & improvement in the fine arts &c
than those in which we have lived -- Our daily prayer to God for you all in that you may remember
your Creator in the days of your youth that you
may early choose the good part which shall never be
taken from you that your named may all be found
in the book of life -- that in the day when God shall
make up his terrible score of your transgressions -- My
dear son -- I am with you in all your afflictions &c
in the apple of his eye -- I pray for you in all your
happiness &c -- I am your loving father
96812
