My dear son,
Mr. E. Trud has just informed me of an
opportunity in Halifax to write. I believe he has two letters written
to you in the last few days. I believe he has two letters written to you in the last few days. If so these will contain our testimonials for you to
go to France, I think to remain till July or first of Aug. next, I will
then go to London, I will settle all your affairs there, I collect
all your paintings etc. I make all proper preparations to return
home by the first good ship with money often after that. I will
be sure your letter to Dr. Comyns, we know not that you will
go to France, your letter asking permission had not reached
us of course we could not have given you formal permission
to go. We hope you went in Oct. or Nov. Mr. Parry
has sent you a draft on Liverpool for $25. Will probably you
have received it? I have sent the 2d. Envelope to Mr. Bromfield. You
had better send that to him to collect for you. I hope you
will be able to sell some of your pictures, & do something to
earn your support. The apparent want of money is to reserve a part
of the $1000. which I shall place for you in Mr. Bromfield's hands
to defray your expenses in returning home in the purchase
of the cloths mentioned in my last. If not with me in
season, I will try to place some additional funds in my
Bank, hands, to meet the $1000 expended in the purchase of cloths
books of cloth. You may have a cloth cloak (now colored very fine
good) made from it if it fits you, it will mean you can better bring it
in that way than any cloth, but it will cost up in your trunk.
The war prepares extremely hard upon us, the price increases
continually rapidly. It is with much earnest difficulty that I
send you the $1000 for this year. The consequence of the unfortunate
conversations with Tannard, I have lost $1700. I have besides
lost about $5000 more & the amount of the loss is not known. It has
disturbed us more than you can conceive. We shall have no more left
us, when you & your brothers have got through with your dukedom, then
will carry us comfortably through life it may not be even that
the British war continue much longer. But we do
not expect to see you again for some time. We are
very much obliged to you for your kindness to us.
We are very much obliged to you for your kindness to us.
We are very much obliged to you for your kindness to us.
[Signature: J. C. D.
