to Mr. Taylor through me, you should write directly to Mr. Taylor and request
him to send anything he has for you to Mr. Bromfield; however, on this
point I think it would be better to write to me on account of postage, and
I will transmit your request to him by letter. I forgot postage; but you can
not expect that I see packages on board ship when the place where
American ships lie is nine miles or more from me, which by
just putting in to the case of Mr. Bromfield or any merchant, who
understands business they could be transmitted without loss of time; I am satisfied
you must have misconceived the matter or you would not make many requests
you have. — Do not attribute their observations to a wish on my
part of saving myself trouble, it is not the trouble, but the time which I wish
to spare, and I am convinced my parents would not wish me to lose any
time when every moment is so precious to me. I am sorry when they
learn that their wishes can be complied with without any sacrifice of that
kind. A glorious and honourable Peace being obtained, you can now have
an opportunity of receiving many things which it was utterly impossible
you could before; the moment peace was announced the 27th of Decr. 1814
I wrote to Messrs. Carter and Storr of Liverpool, in whose possession are my
two boxes containing Master cast books and pictures of Hercules, and
requested them to send by the very first direct opportunity to Boston;
some of your letters may have miscarried, if so and they contained orders
for books, had you not better send duplicate orders, and I will transmit
them to Mr. Taylor; I have finished a portrait of myself expressly for
you since the peace, and also a little cabinet picture the interior of an
apartment exhibiting now at the British Gallery, both which I shall
send you by first opportunity, in the latter is also a full length of myself
though no likeness, I wanted a figure there, so I put myself without
attending at all to the likeness, there is a story attached to that picture
which I shall allude to in another part of the letter.
Painting is like poetry in this respect, a painter has his happy moments
like the poet, and nothing is so vexing, and so destructive of his spirit
as to be disturbed in these moments; moreover, a painter is obliged
to abstract himself entirely from the world, nothing closters so much with
his feelings as the bustle of commerce, he is obliged to work himself into
an artificial state of mind and as long as he keeps that state he
can paint with spirit, but let it be broken by any thing foreign, and his
talent becomes useless; there is no profession in which a man is so perfectly
accessible to shut himself in study, if he walks abroad with
every man must more or less, his study is not broken by it, every object
furnishes a material for his mind to work on, these times in which I
have
