glory in the blood of my countrymen! Oh, for the ge-
nius of Washington, that had but his talents!
with what alacrity would I return to the relief of
that country, which, (without affectionation, my dear parents,
is dearer to me than my life; willingly, I speak with
truth, and deliberation) would I sacrifice my life for her honor.
do not think ill of me for speaking thus strongly, you
cannot judge impartially of my feelings until you
are placed in my situation, do not say, I suffer myself
to be carried away by my feelings; your feelings could never
have been tried as mine has, you cannot see with the
eyes I do, you cannot have the means of ascertaining facts
on this side of the water that I have; but I will leave
this subject and only say, "see Dr. Romeryn." in many
things you & I agree in sentiment, but in others
we must differ, I never can reconcile it with patriotism,
or with our excellent constitution, that one
part of that Union, (which all have sworn to support
with their lives) should, in order to preserve
itself from the evils of war, declare itself neutral,
or even conduct itself as Massachusetts has done; their
conduct during the war has been inexplicable, and
they may blame themselves for half the evils brought
upon the country since the commencement of the war.
I find no encouragement whatever in Bristol
in the way of my art, national feeling is mingled with
every thing here, it is sufficient that I am an American,
a title I would not change with the greatest king in
Europe. I find it more reasonable living in Bristol, or
I should go to London immediately; Mr. & Mrs Allison
are well, & send you their respects; they set out for London
in a few days, after some months unsuccessful (between ourselves)
residence here; all public feeling is absorbed in one
object the conquest of the U. States, no time to encourage
an artist especially an Amer. artist. I am well, extremely
well, but not in good spirits as you may imagine from
this letter. I am painting a little landscape, and am studying
in my mind a great Historical picture to be painted by your
