since you I have cause, my acquaintance is not stopped with Mr. West, I see him
in a whole, take his advice on pictures, and dine with him at his house
few weeks ago, but I cannot respect him. When I wrote you requesting
leave to go to Paris, you did not take into consideration the difference
between the profession of an artist and every other, that an artist is obliged
to order to complete his studies to visit and study in several different
places, as Eng., France and Italy; whereas in other professions it is usual
to remain in one place, you did not consider this, or that it was by the
advice of my friends Mr. Elliston and other artists but you say, "if
ever you will never be able to do anything great from this chanceall
disposition." From this want of confidence in me, and refusing to let
me act according to my own judgment, opportunity offers, I have now
completely been deprived the advantage of your kind leave, it has nearly
by a year since I first wrote for permission, it has just been received,
and now the opportunity has gone, for France and Italy are again
deluged in blood through the near-sightedness and misconduct of the
conquerors of Europe; In your request to send books, pictures, &c.
you make no allowance for accidents, impossibilities, delays, or
difficulties, but charge me directly with "negligence," and "ignotitude."
The fact is I have attended to every order of the kind; was it
my fault that the box with my pictures cast and books from Mr. Taylor
were stopped at Liverpool, and that one great picture of Hercules
whilst I dispatched as soon as was possible to Mr. Wilder at Liverpool
did not arrive in time to go by him, were the hindrances of the way,
nothing, or the expence of indirect communication? The fact is I came
not without great loss of time and completely unsuiting myself for
study attend to orders respecting books and bills, London is not like
Boston or New-York where a man has a few moments to spare and he
can set out and is this or that, I am quite removed from the city 4
or 5 miles and any business that I have there always takes me a day;
all your orders the moment I have received them I have sent in letter
to Mr. Taylor, I could do no more if I could call on him; any parcels or
letters I wish to send to America, I transmit to Mr. Bromfield by post,
I thus save a great deal of time; Mr. Jarvis' books I obtained for him in the
way, I wrote a list of books to be got at Messrs. Rivingtons, who I required
me to keep till Peace, I wrote to Messrs. Rivingtons requesting them to send me
the books lowest prices & bill, they came the next day and the man that bought
them received my order on Mr. Bromfield, the whole transaction did not take me
20 minutes; now what difference would it be to you if instead of writing
96962
