visited the spot. I take M'Donough's likeness,
that of other officers you might succeed very
well better probably than where you are
such a picture engraved & well here in
Europe. The battle of Lie, of Orleans, will
give you full employment -- I doubt as to
your feelings -- In the mean time things might become
more settled in Europe, & you might visit the continent
to greater advantage -- Think on this subject
seriously, & determine wisely for yourself.
I admit your apologies for not sending me books --
tho' you return in Augt. or September, as we hope, you
may thus bring out the books I have ordered -- otherwise
you need not give yourself any trouble about them -- You
will let me know how you stand with Mr Bromfield -- what are
your prospects of maintaining yourself -- Tho' you
remain, it will not be in my power at present to
send you further aid -- as the Putnam estate is still
unsold, & now without attendant I am extremely
pressed for money to pay my debts. I will do what you require
in regard to your pictures, & the public notice of them -- Tho' you
will after all, require in England, though it will be a
point of importance to you, I will support you in
point of fact, & give you encouragement & support. We
can to give you encouragement & support. We shall hear from you often -- & you from us, notwithstanding
the public notice of them -- I am very anxious that you should keep up your acquaintance
with Mr Wilberforce & Dr. Letham -- Call on them as friends, thankfully
tell them how you are situated, let your visit suit your time
convenience. I sent you out by the Liverpool packet two interesting pamphlets, which I hope you have, & in this regard
I am very anxious that you should keep up your acquaintance
with Mr Wilberforce & Dr. Letham -- call on them as friends, thankfully
tell them how you are situated, let your visit suit your time
convenience. I sent you out by the Liverpool packet two interesting pamphlets, which I hope you have, & in this regard
I am very anxious that you should keep up your acquaintance
with Mr Wilberforce & Doctor Letham -- Call on them as friends, thankfully
tell them how you are situated, let your visit suit your time & convenience. I sent you out by the Liverpool packet two interesting pamphlets, which I hope you have, & in this regard
I am very anxious that you should keep up your acquaintance
with Mr Wilberforce & Doctor Letham -- Call on them as friends, thankfully
tell them how you are situated, let your visit suit your time & convenience. I sent you out by the Liverpool packet two interesting
pamphlets, which I hope you have, & in this regard
