I have just received a letter from him with an affectionate one, in which he speaks
of you in terms of great kindness & friendship -- I express a desire to cultivate your acquaintance
not on my account only, because you are the son of his friend, but on your own account. He says that
you feel that his attentions to you, which have not been much of the kind he desires to pay to others
because he is wont to pay to those whom he wishes to call his friends, have not been understood
by you -- that you had been as he thought rather shy of visiting him, that he had been in this letter
dated 4th Oct. 98 he felt concerned to have it returned & requested me to write you on the subject. I have
written to him, that I would have apologized for your return to London, if I had not been
so embarking for home, by all means to call at Medlarthwaite, Thront Macarplay, Bunderstone
Lettsomes & give them all an opportunity to write to you as to me. I will explain all more fully on
your return. If we are spared to meet we shall have much to communicate on both sides, which will
deeply interest us -- The religious controversy is commencing openly at the election. Dr. Warren is in
taking a very interesting turn as we think favorable to the cause of evangelical true
But we can see but a little way before us
Apr. 2d 1811. Sabbath Evenings
The Collier has just called & informs us that he goes to New
York Monday for N.Y. Steam to France & allows a few minutes
only to prepare a little panel for you -- A larger one has gone to
the Beneficents for you by the Galen -- Mr. Collier will tell you
all about them as to what will be interesting to you -- what we
wish you to do -- We have just had a visit from Rich Salt
ten from Ford -- both are in excellent health & spirits -- pursuing
their studies with great vigor diligence & success. Ebd. has
a high reputation among his fellow students -- Your mother &
I are very well for this season -- Many, Gregory & Caroline
all well -- Miss Russell is just recovering from a severe illness --
Boston friends & relations are well -- All join in love to you
