Touch me not is found in low places—the stem is pale
green and the leaves are nearly of the color that it dies—
It grows as high as six feet.
Pokeberry Dye.
Mr. Moses Lindo, of South Carolina, in 1764 boiled
three fourths of a pint of pokeberry juice with a pint of
rain water about one quarter of an hour—He then took two
pieces of flannel and wringing them out and 2 hours
later he separated with about quarter of an hour
and rinsed them in cold water ; he then dipped the flan-
nel No. 1, into a pot of juice and when it was quartered
he fixed in the piece suitably to the color of the juice
itself. He then dipped the Flannel No. 2, in the juice
and washing his hands, which he had been washing before,
and time, the color of the color change to a bright veil-
low—He then threw a wine glass full of lime water into
the pot where No. 2 was simmering which turned both
juice and flannel to a bright yellow. Then he had that
Allium fixed the crimson and lime water the yellow color.
Domestic Encyclopedia.
To dye Cotton a deep Purple.
You must first dye the cotton a bright yellow with cop-
perras and lye, boil a strong decoction of maple bark, add
to that a little copperas ; throw in the cotton and boil it
well, then hang it in the sun for a week or ten days
and you please ; until the cotton is dark enough.
When it is thoroughly dried you must wash it in cold
water, and the next day boil it in greasy pot liquor.
One tea cup full of copperas, and one tea cup full dye
two pounds of cotton. The above dye, if a larger por-
tion of copperas is added, will dye a beautiful black.
FEDERAL COURTS OF LAW.
The Supreme Court.
At the seat of government the first Monday in Fe-
bruary, annually.
CIRCUIT COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Eastern Circuit.
For New-Hampshire, on the 19th of May and the
2d of November, at Portsmouth and Exeter.
Vermont, at Windsor and Bennington, alternately,
the 1st of May and 3d of October.
Massachusetts, at Boston, on the 1st June and 26th
October.
Rhode Island, on the 15th June and the 15th of No-
vember, at New-York and Providence.
Connecticut, on the 13th of April and on the 17th of
September, at New-Haven and Hartford.
New York, at New York, on the 1st of April and
September.
Middle Circuit.
For New Jersey, at Trenton, on the 2d of April
and October.
Pennsylvania, at Philadelphia, on the 11th of April
and 11th of October.
Delaware, at New Castle on the 27th of April, and
at Dover on the 19th of October.
Maryland, at Annapolis, on the 7th of May and the
17th of November, at Easton.
Virginia, at Richmond, on the 22d of May and No-
vember.
Southern Circuit.
For North Carolina, at Wake Court House, or at
Raleigh, the 1st June and 30th of November.
South Carolina, on the 6th of May and 23d of Oc-
tober, at Charleston.
Georgia, on the 30th of April and the 8th of No-
vember at Savannah and Augusta.
When any of the above fixed days happen to be on
Sunday the court is opened on the Monday following.
DISTRICT COURTS.
In Maine, At Portland the 3d Tuesday in June and
first in December, and at Pawtawborough the 1st of
March and September.
New Hampshire, at Portsmouth the 3d Tuesday in
671
