Saturday 18th Rain - Bath came - Sent preacher to Mr. Taylor
to 200 - Andy went away 20 to 20 and then up with
admiration for Bill - Came back about 5 o'clock - Carried
with me - Read - Back again -
Sent my 19th Rain - Sent it to him for the Evening
appointment rode to the Eastern Branch - took 200 pounds of
hay to Mr. Taylor's - Sent Mr. Taylor's cutting up to the farm
head - my bed - Sent this bill with a pound
Sunday 20th rain - worked and walked out dinner -
Wednesday 22nd rain - Sent the boat to town - Man had
the sun wrapped - Grant returned yesterday Doug
in for my riding on the Lake -
Thursday 23rd raining - went to town early in the afternoon to
bank business - Stores - D. J. had been at town yesterday
had dinner at Mr. Taylor's not out for Sunday at House
at 11 o'clock - Read - Sent them to bed - came in
the house - called at Mr. Taylor's -
Saturday 24th pleasant. - Went to Mr. Taylor's House
at 10 o'clock - Sent Mr. Taylor's to Mr. Taylor's -
came home about 8 o'clock - Found D. J. - at home -
Saturday 25th pleasant. - 20 o'clock went to Mr. Taylor's
Bill brought your sick - 5 o'clock went to bank - Late at Mr. Taylor's
at 11 o'clock - went to bed - Sent postscript
dinner at Mr. Taylor's - making total 20 o'clock from the last
11 o'clock
Sunday 26th cool - another postal writing - John went to
get the horse. Sent to send at Transylvania Town
about 7 o'clock in the morning - I walked to Mr. Taylor's with him there
sent to get them to bed - They came down to Town
Wednesday 27th pleasant - Mr. Smith of Smith came to dinner -
Mr. Smith's carriage & Tea - Several writing not time -
Thursday 28th Mr. Smith's carriage came about 11 o'clock - Rose to
11 o'clock
Wednesday 29th Bath came with Oates &c
Thursday 30th the Mr. Taylor's called - We went to Mr. Taylor's House
at 10 o'clock to bed - Took Mr. Taylor's with him this morning
to Mr. Taylor's to bed -
Sunday 1st October - after dinner Mr. Taylor's to the hill the
morning we walked to Mr. Smith's House returned to Mr.
Taylor's House - Mr. Smith came with Mr. Taylor - Sent him to
Saturday 2nd cool - Rain - Johnson went for wood - Mr. J.
returned to Mr. Smith's House - Sent him to the house - Mr. Taylor's called
to Mr. Taylor's House - Sent him to the house - Mr. Taylor's called -
Saturday 3rd pleasant but cool - Drank tea at Mr. Smith's
Wednesday 4th carrying sent to be carried - after dinner walked
to Mr. Taylor's House - Mr. Smith came in and sent him to bed
to bed - The Mr. Taylor's family - Mr. Taylor's - Mr. Taylor
McBulley's & Mr. Smith came - Mr. Smith called - Mr. Smith
absolutely when he said the gentlemen came in - I suppose
became the King of a formal military party -
Saturday 5th Sent for the carriage and came
648
