March and September, and at Exeter the 3d in June and December.
Vermont, at Windsor and Rutland the first Monday in February and August and the first in May and November;
Massachusetts, at Salem the 3d Tuesday in March and the 3d in September; and at Boston the 4th Tuesday in February and August.
Connecticut, at New Haven the 3d Tuesday in February and August, and at Hartford the 3d in May and November;
New York, at New York the first Tuesday in February and May, August and November.
New Jersey, at Burlington the first Tuesday in February and August, and at New Brunswick the first in May and November;
Pennsylvania, at Philadelphia on the 3d Monday in February and May, August and November.
Delaware, at Dover the 4th Tuesday in February and August, and at New Castle the 4th of May and November;
Maryland, at Easton the 1st Tuesday in March and September, and in Baltimore the 1st of June and November;
Virginia, at Williamsburg the 3d Tuesday in March and September, and at Richmond the 3d in June and December;
North Carolina, at Newbern the first Mondays in January, April, July and October.
South Carolina, at Charleston the 3d Monday in March and September, and the 1st in July and the 3d in December;
Georgia, at Augusta on the 2d Tuesday in November, and at Savannah the 2d in February, May and August;
Georgia, at Savannah the 2d in February, May and August, third in June and November.
Exclusive of the above mentioned stated courts the
district judges have power to hold special courts in their respective districts at their discretion.
COURTS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
In Washington, on the first Monday in June and the 4th in November in December; at Alexandria the 1st Monday in July and the 4th in November; Admiralty Courts on the 1st Monday in April and October at Alexandria.
Days for holding Courts in Maryland.
GENERAL COURTS.
For the Western District of the District of Columbia, on the second Tuesday in May and October.
For the Eastern Shore, at Easton, on the second Tuesday in April and September.
Courts of general session at Annapolis, the second Tuesday in April and September.
Courts of general session at Annapolis, the second Tuesday in April and September
