ensure you I have other calls upon me from relations
no less dear to me, though I have never yet had the hap-
piness to see them. A third cousin, by my wife's fa-
ther's side, is in the army, and has been for some time
of business; but by misfortunes in trade must have
gone to jail, if my wife had not teased me into being
home for him, and for which I am so sorry. I am a
man about fifty years of age. Another, a very promising
youth, was thus out of his time, and only wanted a little sum to set him up; which as soon as I had lent
him, he went away to the West Indies. One of the
men who is now with me (a widow lady) has only one daughter,
a sober discreet body, who lived as a companion with
an old gentlemanwoman in the country, but the poor innocent girl was taken advantage of, and I am now
to support the unfortunate mother and child ever since, to
prevent any reproach falling on our family. I shall say
nothing of the various presents, which have travelled
down to me with the exception of a few of the cutlery which received at Christmas; nor shall I put in account the
charge I have been in in the gompit trees, and in buy-
ing corals, smodyne necklaces, &c. for half a dozen fine
niephews, nieces, and cousins, to which I had the
honor of standing godfather.
DYING.
The art of dying consists of three operations, viz:
fully to cleanse the substance which is to be dyed, and
to remove all other matters which might spoil it, it
being dyed, and 3, to prepare the bath of color in which it is to
be immersed, and to work it accordingly to the rule of
the art.
TO DYE BLUE.
A vat, with caustic alkali, may be made thus: to
prepare Indigo will suffice, solt 1 1/2 lb. of tart salt,
and 218. of lime, break up the Indigo into 2 pints of water,
boll them two hours, thus put them to a boil 10
galls. of water, to which add 1 1/4 lb. of green vitriol (Cop-
perash) and as much red arsenic. Stir is frequently when
a green froth has arisen; it is ready—
Grind a pound of Indigo in Urine fresh or stale; add
it to about forty Galls. of Urine stir it with a rake till
the green scum rises and the Indigo appears dissolved,
tip the cloth in this till the vat be exhausted—
MRS. GRAHAM'S RECIPE FOR DURABLE DYE.
To dye Scarlet.
One pound of indigo (gathered from the garden)
will dye 2 lbs. of wool, the wool must be washed
clean, then boiled about fifteen minutes in strong alum
water—the madder is to be boiled in thin brant water
(the best being the water strained from the source); the
wool stripped from the alum water and put into alum
water must be boiled fifteen or twenty minutes, and wash-
ed out in soft soap such as it is cool—by leaving out
the alum it dyes a good brown color—
To make a Crimson color.
Two quarts of the juice of pokew berries, when they
are quite ripe, and one gallon of strong cider vinegar
made from the white crab-apples, steeped by day and
water which must be washed very clean with hard soap.
The cloth when wrong dry, is to be put into a copper ves-
sel form an inch thick, tie it out the wool and let it drip a
while in the steam, then put it in the bath. The vessel must be free
from grease of any kind.
To make on Dressage color.
Take a quantity of true mercurial, gathered in the steam,
and bruise it well in a wooden mortar. On layers of iron-
net and wool alternately pour rain water, or soft water
from a spout, so that they are covered, and stand
24 hours—then have another strong leather of cloth, and
wash it out and put it immediately in the sun to dry,
alum or cedar may be used by using hard soap instead of
soft—these colors brightens by washing.
679
