ater, Mecklenburg, Norfolk, Prince Edward, Pitt-
sylvania, Southampton and Southampton.
Fourteenth, Prince Augustus, Bedford, Brunswick,
Chamberlain, Finquins, Flavenia, Halifax, King Wil-
liam, Loudon, Middlesex, Nelson, Norfolk Borough,
Orange, Randolph, Westmoreland, Williamsburg,
Woodford and Washington.
Last monday, Accomac and Brockie.
Monday before the first Tuesday, Frederick and
Rockingham.
Monday after the second Tuesday, Shenandoah.
Monday after the third Tuesday, Hampshire.
First Tuesday, Mason, Montgomery, Pendleton and
Russell.
Second Tuesday, Bath, Botetourt, Hardy, Jefferson,
Kentucky, Lee, Prince George and Wythe.
Third Tuesday, Monroe, Rockingham and Wash-
ington.
Fourth Tuesday, Giles, Grayson, Greenbrier, Lu-
menburg, Surry and Tazewell.
Last Wednesday, Cabell.
Third Wednesday, Powhatan.
Fourth Wednesday, Hanover.
First Thursday, King George, Nottoway and Sussex.
Second Thursday, Fredericksburg, New Kent and
Warwick.
Quarterly Sessions of County and Corporation Courts.
In march, may, august and November, accuses, arrests,
arrests, indictment, Bedford, Bertie, Botetourt,
Brockie, Brunswick, Buckingham, Cabell, Charles
City, Charlotte, Chesterfield, Culpepper, Dinwiddie,
Elizabeth City, Isle of Wight, James City, Jefferson,
Henrico, Isle of Wight, James City, Jefferson, Kentu-
wha, King and Queen, King William, Lancaster, Las-
man, Mathews, Middlesex, monongahela, Nelson, Nottoway,
Norfolk, Northampton, Richmond, Southampton, Surry,
Washington, Prince Edward, Prince George, Richmond,
county and city, Staunton, Surry, Warwick, Winchester.
In march, June, august and November, Albemarie,
Cambridge, Fairfax, Fauquier, Fluvanna, Franklin, Fre-
dertick, Gloucester, Greensville, Greenville, Hamp-
shire, Hardy, King George, Loudon, Loudoun,
monroe, masan, Montgomery, Nanangahela,
county, Northampton, Pendleton, Pittsylvania,
Ann, Prince William, Stafford, Washington,
Williamsburg, Wood and York.
In February, April, June and November, in
Cumberland, Rockingham and Shenandoah.
In April, June, august and November.
In March, may, august and October.
Lunenburg.
In February, April, July and October, Hanover,
in March, may, July and October, Madison and
Moreland.
In March, June, September and November, Rapp
and Washington.
In March, may, august and September, Harrison.
In march, may, September and November, Northampton
and Ohio.
In February, July, September and December, Fre-
dicksburg.
The Monday before the first Tuesday in June Rock-
ingham.
In February, June, august and November, Mecklen-
burg.
In February, may, July and October, Cabell.
In April, June, September and November, Giles.
In April, June, September and November, Taxwell.
Friends General Meetings are held
At Philadelphia, the fourth Friday in the third and
ninth month; at Washington, the next first day after
the spring meeting in Philadelphia; at Chester River,
the first Wednesday in the fourth month; at Rock-
creeks, the fourth Wednesday in the fourth month; at
Salem, the third Friday in the fifth month; at Little
Egg Harbor, the first Friday in the sixth month; at
Grays and Black Water, in Virginia, alternately, the
first and seventeenth in the fifth month; at Baltimore, the
675
