100.
Hale, Rachel (Cont'd.)
She said Mr. Appleton had been a great admirer of Rachel's for many
years; that he could not, however, have proposed to Rachel,
for no one could conceive her turning him down and then
accept Chandler Hale.
She said Mr. Appleton was a fine looking man, but not at all brilliant,
and had never married.
Nov. 23, 1928, 85
Gertrude also said that although Rachel and she were very close
friends, she fully believed that if she should die and Rachel
had taken passage for Europe she would not postpone her sailing
on that account.
C.S.H. vigorously dissented at this statement.
Nov. 23, 1928, 85, 86
Gertrude said that Mrs. Warder had said many times to her that
Rachel was beautiful and fine in all things, - but -
She gave C.S.H. to understand that Mrs. Warder felt that there was
something lacking in Rachel's character.
This, to C.S.H., is utter nonsense. That Rachel should have so long
and so patiently put up with Gertrude's inconsistencies,
prevarications and petty jealousies, would be proof enough, for
any reasonable person, of her character and loyalty.
When C.S.H. thinks of her care for Gertrude and the devotion she
showed to Miss Loring, not to speak of her kindness and
sweetness to Bertie and himself, such twaddle as the above
fairly makes his blood boil.
Nov. 23, 1928, 86
Gertrude also said that when Walden died and Rachel went down from
Bar Harbor to her at Eastern Point, Rachel said she came down
as much for Walden's sake as for hers. This, however, did not
seem to disturb Gertrude for she said she always hoped Walden
would fall in love with Rachel and that she would accept him,
but that while Walden was a great friend of Rachel's, he never
was in love with her.
C.S.H. thinks this also is utter rubbish as he firmly believes Walden
worshipped Rachel and that it was not his fault that they never
became engaged. On the other hand, good and fine as Walden
was, C.S.H. could not conceive of such a thing as Rachel, with
all her charm and beauty, falling in love with him.
Nov. 23, 1928, 86
