Butler, Dr. Nicholas Murray (Cont'd.)
the State Department but Kellogg said it was a pacifist proposition;
that he and Shotwell prepared the draft of a treaty but the
State Department would not take it up but suggested that he
(Dr. Butler) press it as an individual; that he condensed the
treaty into two clauses and gave it to Briand who in an address
adopted it as his own; that the State Department then took it up
as if it were its own suggestion.
Dec. 6, 1928. 96, 97
Dr. Butler took C.S.H. to luncheon at the Century Club.
He was very bitter at Coolidge's armistice day address saying it put
our country back for years.
Dr. Butler said Hoover was a man of no intelligence; that his course
as food administration in permitting shipments of lard to Belgium
firms knowing full well that it was en route for Germany, made
him doubt his patriotism and even his honesty; that he had said
to a friend of his (Dr. B.) that he would tell those damned
Wall Street bankers where to get off.
Dr. Butler said Hoover was furtive and indirect, that he could do
nothing frankly or directly.
He also said Vare was pulled over to Hoover in the Convention by
Senator Moses who was on the Committee on Elections, who was
said to have intimated to Vare that if he wished to secure his
seat he had better come over to Hoover. He said Sec. Mellon's
political power was gone; that Gov. Fisher was the boss of
Pennsylvania.
He said Coolidge was not friendly to Hoover; that Coolidge had been
firm in the resolution that neither Dawes nor Lowden should be
nominated.
Dr. Butler said he voted for Gov. Smith and hardly knew more than
four Republicans among his close friends who voted for Hoover;
that Gov. Smith probably had no political future; that Tammany,
outside of Manhattan, was treacherous to Smith; that they felt
that they had gotten little or nothing from Smith and would get
less from him as President; that the Jews also were against him.
Dec. 6, 1928. 96, 97, 98
C.S.H. dines with Dr. Butler
Took out Mrs. Sheffield wife of the former Ambassador to Mexico.
Dec. 6, 1928. 98
