that time to take this road, before I was conducted to my chamber.
It is about as large as yours. The windows look upon the river; and
it is a most imposing spot, for the rays of the setting sun fall
upon the white wall. A next bed with a white counterpane
stretches opposite the fire place. A table is placed between the two
windows, a wash-table on the other side of the room, a tea-
table on one side of the fire place, white handkerchiefs with
fluffed buttons, comfortable to the undertaker's furniture,
comprise the furniture of this neat & comfortable apartment.
I immediately changed my dress, & then, but driven by the necessity
of the case, had now set, the fire burning still flaming with the reddest
flames. I am now seated at my desk, when I passed in the
evening before me, when I felt that in this place
was a stranger, unknown to 2 unknowns. It was thus introduced
me after he entered, he drew a chair close to me, & placed
me tenderly to his breast & mingled his breath with mine. They were
years of the purest happiness. I am a little while ago came alone
at last, by Margaret, said he, you are only mine. However
would it be the interest of my life, to make you happy, I
have sometimes felt, but feel informed this must ever be
from ignorance, never from design. From this moment
look me how to make you happy. I cannot continue a description
of this scene, be satisfied my desire is to enter in harmony
with all that my present hopes have sustained, all that my heart
will require. We must part for ten & a whole Charley (a brave
little black girl) was sitting at the table. I closed the curtains &
when the light was bright, walked across the room to take
a view of it. Now my home comfortable was the scene, which
looked at it, a sentiment of home, took possession of my heart.
I have since forgotten that it was a strange place.
Seated, listened & heard a excellent tea served in the time &
be sat a long while talking over this solemn meal. Twenty times
did I look around, from the first mouth & collision of our voices more
than if they could not take attention on for a single moment,
I do not wish them to make me happier for more, either of
them present, we would have to restrain a general embrasure,
which gives as such delight, but I must they could see me, that
they might sympathize with us! There was not a thought, a feeling
in contrast, we found I met our minds to each other, & if ever there
was two human beings completely happy, we were that couple.
My dear daughter
New Brunswick Nov 1st 1800
I received your dutiful & affectionate
Letter some time since, and would have answered it long before
this, but was waiting to accompany it, with a sum of money, to
make up what, I intended giving you at your Marriage, but
I have hitherto been disappointed, in receiving, what has been
long promised me -- so favorable an opportunity as Mr. Schurmann
presenting, I could not refrain dropping Your line --
It gives me great pleasure in hearing by your
Letters to your Sisters that you enjoy Health & seem so well
satisfied with your situation, -- that you have had attention
paid you by several respectable inhabitants & that Mr. Smith
is like to succeed in this business -- May a Gracious God
continue to bless You both & give you gratefull Hearts in
the receipt of His manifold favors -- May the Religion You
profess, & a firm & unshaken trust & reliance on the Hope
Jesus our adorable Lord & Saviour ever be your Support &
Refuge. & may the blessed Spirit of God lead you in the
ways of truth & Righteousness, this will enable you to bear
up & to let right under all the trials of life, & if you have
in a fair better State beyond the grave -- Your Education
