(John Burgess family) Washington October 5. 1800.
Surely I am the most fortunate & happy of women! Every recipient
is but a change of situations, equally marked by the hand of mercy.
To leave friends, highly valued & dearly beloved, it is but
to find others equally worthy of affection! -- My sisters, my dear
sisters, my indulgent father, what will you think of me, when
I acknowledge, that separated from you, by such a distance, I am
still most happy. You will not attribute this to want of
affection; but you will attribute it to the mercy blessing which
I hope; the devoted affection & exclusive society of the man
I have so long & so tenderly loved. It was not until the moment
I left Phila? that I realized my separation from you. Susan
Mary & John entered while I was at breakfast; I soon after rose
to depart, I was so overwhelmed with the emotions that rushed
upon my heart, that I should have fallen to the floor had not
Brother caught me in his arms. It was the most trying scene I
ever passed through. I left them, & when seated in the carriage
fully felt the necessity of certain. The journey alone, was sufficient
to injure my health, but if I yielded to this agitation, I knew it would
totally incapacitate me for proceeding. I resolved to conquer it, to forget
all about I was about to leave, & to think only of the future. Sighing
at my husband, & while he tenderly pressed my hand, they heart
acknowledged that he was all sufficient for my happiness. I knew aside
my veil, I inhabited the invigorating breezes of the moon, which dissipated
all indisposition & extolled my spirits. When we arrived
at Newport at two o'clock, I could scarcely believe that two hours
had passed! Conversation various & interesting beguiled the way. I
talked over sorrow the yest of a happy life, of events & friends
from whom that happiness was denied. I can tell you nothing about
the country, thru which I passed; I was so completely occupied within
the carriage, that my eyes never wandered without it. The carpenter
Papergers, were a Carpenter & his wife, & an old Market Woman,
she neither talked to, or looked at no. We reached Elkton at
sunset, from which place to the Susquehannah the road runs
through a wood; It was quite strait & thru this long vista we
saw before us, the rich glow of an autumnal evening, while behind
is the moon rose above the trees. It was really delightful.
