248
1900-1901
131. Attended conference at Plaza Hotel N.Y. was
invited by exc. Comm of Anti-Imperialist
League. Conference was attended by Andrew
Carnegie, Bruce Cochrane, Carl Schurz, Charles
Francis Adams, Alex Adler, Moorfield Stokes
Charles R. Godman, Herbert Wells (Phila.) and
many others. Question discussed was whether
League should continue its opposition to
imperialistic policy of Administration. No
definite conclusion announced by League
as this meeting was called merely to
hear suggestions.
222 Spoke at Complimentary dinner to Ex. Gov
4 Boutwell. Boston.
14 Attended dinner given by N.Y. Civil Serv. reform
assoc to delegates to Nat'l Civil Service Reb.
Assoc.t. Hotel Savoy. Sat on platform w.
Gov Roosevelt, Bislist Potter, Wayne MacVeigh,
Geo. Riols, Nathan Straus, E. de Shepherd,
Lon Baldwin Jr et al.
1901 Chited one of exc. Comm of Y.M.C.A. dem. club.
7am Have dinner to exc. Comm at my house.
Subject of our relations to Dem. State Comm
discussed. Demin Comm was appointed
but the advisability of having a dinner
was questioned by many. Mr Mc Connell
of Schenectady disquieted the idea - Id it would
249
1901
223 Attend conference at Plaza Hotel N.Y. was
invited by exc. Comm of Anti-Imperialist
( ) League. Conference was attended by Andrew
Carnegie, Bruce Cochrane, Carl Schurz, Charles
( ) Francis Adams, Alex Adler, Moorfield Stokes
( ) Charles R. Godman, Herbert Wells (Phila.) and
( ) many others. Question discussed was whether
( ) League should continue its opposition to
( ) imperialistic policy of Administration. No
( ) definite conclusion announced by League
( ) as this meeting was called merely to
( ) hear suggestions.
( ) 222 Spoke at Complimentary dinner to Ex. Gov
( ) 4 Boutwell. Boston.
( ) 14 Attended dinner given by N.Y. Civil Serv. reform
( ) assoc to delegates to Nat'l Civil Service Reb.
( ) Assoc.t. Hotel Savoy. Sat on platform w.
( ) Gov Roosevelt, Bislist Potter, Wayne MacVeigh,
( ) Geo. Riols, Nathan Straus, E. de Shepherd,
( ) Lon Baldwin Jr et al.
( ) 1901 Chited one of exc. Comm of Y.M.C.A. dem. club.
( ) 7am Have dinner to exc. Comm at my house.
( ) Subject of our relations to Dem. State Comm
( ) discussed. Demin Comm was appointed
( ) but the advisability of having a dinner
( ) was questioned by many. Mr Mc Connell
( ) of Schenectady disquieted the idea - Id it would
( ) stir up friction: that the State Comm were
( ) not hostile and were considering nominating
( ) a gold democrat whom we all could
( ) support for Governor. That a dinner now might
( ) spoil everything. The meeting then discussed
( ) changing name of the club to the Democratic
( ) club as suggested by Gen. Collins. The result
( ) of the meeting was taken and such a
( ) vote passed informally. Mr Mc Connell spent
( ) night with me and told me it was the
( ) man he had in mind above - that Canning
( ) and other members of State Comm wanted to
( ) nominate me and Mr Navy was the only
( ) man who opposed - his grounds were that
( ) I said something mimical to him & friendly
( ) to the Union while on a light horse tender
( ) in Boston harbor once. I did not
( ) speak of ever having said anything unfriendly
( ) to him.
( ) May 27 Attended meeting at Lewis Grammer School
( ) Roxbury in memory of the late Martin
( ) 223 W.L.P. Boardman. Spoke
( ) June 25. Class dinner How. 83 at Burnowies. Att
( ) 75 in attendance. was sent as Comm of Comm
( ) of 3 (with Geo. Morris & Charles Reim) to Franco
( ) Class of 1889 also dining there for gift
( ) of Champagne. Spoke to class - criticized
( ) Genlty Rev Pelly Grant who chose of his
