22
also 18. Thursday.
Meeting of Board: Present, see Miller, Platt, Scott,
James, Cunningham, Comstock.
N.J. established again a 6% water stand of
names.
see Mr. Scott for Transport rates should be accorded
to send steamers in relation to other rates but that
he was not sure of advisability of doing
it in view of situation in Europe at it
required immediate trouble. He said at a meeting
of Roberts and myself the reason Transport ships
cost Scott $100 per ton. Need resolution at any rate
being crowded by. He said the current rates
have been fixed so long ago and is being laid
under conditions cold and so distressed to any
plant from which they are now, that an
increased direct rate would not decrease
shortage
CCM said the reasons of the N.J. Comp.,
An danger of gold subjects, difficulty of
placing Gov. Loomis in U.S., consequent fallacy
of in one of factors its the will put in solid
reason from lowering rates, is just more
pointed than for increasing them; since N.J.
Transport Enfifice direct rates would bring
the cost lower rates, but he does not see
why; since N.J. did in its manner from
23
2 weeks ago must of 6% did not cause the extra
enfifice allowance must be made; that in the
same business, already injured by Shillal. loan
under the 5% rate will be more injured by
any continuation of a 6%, or 7% rate.
not of he was not convinced but that he
should consider his advice of Mr. Ado.C
with great respect and will so over the
matter again if being favored an miracle.
finally Platt moved to adjourn.
Reprinted
Page Platt
No CCM, Comstock, James, Cunningham
Not voting, see Miller
Finally Sec. Miller decided to vote for with
Platt, all too he said if he had heard the
deciding vote he will have been ready
embarrassed and he was really glad the Mr.
had voted No, until at least we could
have fun in Mr. Ado. Council.
Cunningham introduced a second and which
including Mates for discounting on any
bank carrying a stipulation loan except
with consent of Mr. Ado.
James moved that this be borrowed to
not Ado Council for suggestions, before the
