54
write to Butler a year ago urging his debt matter
was done w. Delano's knowledge & consent, etc
ending him a copy of the letter.
May 15. Wed
let stock under revived Bank & State obligations
but a 6% rate.
May 16. Thursday
Board met to take over discount rates in advance
of N.Y. Meeting.
Holders' funds had been better in no
advantage on U.S. loan except one year; stock thus
entire advance in European loans even due to
"private bankers" ; stock thus won a slight
advantage in terms to continued and continued
of investments; the Municipal holding was
undoubtedly the cause for the loss of
material securities in security loans;
the cost a large part of thousands of stocks
even ultimately gets into bearer; stock & bull
mercenary demanded by superior such as
actions which many cannot even thus source.
He said Mines had won a considerable
decline in Merchant; stock not to debt at
even carried largely by declined of money
from creditors; stock borrowed to May 11
Mines had won 180 million securities
55
issued largely by gold interest and by decline of
54 millions on U.S. loan balances; that two better
declines were largely technical, due to changes in
due to business.
This aspect is -- whatever the cause there had
not been a reasonable independent both on
May 12 7 and June system.
He had been irritated to see words reasonable
but said it was very good.
Smith said it had been a marvellous
wholesale explanation why bond stock
large bankers financial structure by security
involve rather than 81/2 loan; that the new
security mines won a year even over 2 billion
wholly invested from cash. Mines securities were
financially threatened had invested 15 billion.
He Smith said he did not believe on
mercury to 6% would ever deteriorate in
market, was held an excellent case up
to 9% ; that it was largely any control by
American rates; that what he wanted was
to restore the relation between interest and
other rates.
not send an omission to 5 1/2 % could be
concept to do this -- except as to actual
wha had been deliberately put out of
mind w. direct rates, to receive a
