12
we have left.
I do not believe she will ever want to change a country
at Havana, again.
Raping all her actions into account, this minister
thoroughly makes into my mind that she has a
belief that the men leave no one but one battle
trainee at Mts. any more, and that she will no
longer under any obligation to carry me along, but
will quietly cut off course finally drop me.
This may be greatly unjust and at present is real
my belief. Have you said (as did she now really
believe) that something must be done to secure
me several times and still to continue my letters
to her and that she would answer them, which
she never answered by letter of Jan 21, this
putting me in a rather ridiculous position, if
in a position I never will be placed in again
however.
While at our departure the words in the book
"Harper's" which the press are now circulating,
"to Charles & Berlie" with abjectitude, regard to
Catherine Grant."
The letter of Jan 21 went also circulated
to Charles S. Hamlin, with Christmas greetings by
another Grant - C. V. J."
I asked him to write "to Charles" but she did not
want to. You (or "Harper" also wrote after the authorities
13
March 1. Monday
and Mr. Bumpen, just returned from abroad, when
he went to help Edwin & Young of Neptune Cove,
addressed Board in words of respect came.
He described the world new Salem. Bank.
He said our system could not be assured to do
anything except appoints their bank, if
financial created, or otherwise independent.
After 2.
It has just read Emmitt Curtiss' report on
working of direct insurance in U.S.
He says conditions are now worse than
when the insurance began and that there
are evidences of commodities deteriorating
in cotton and checks. Says directors
are remembering for insurance in
direct rates.
Em. Elan send me a reply to a pamphlet
being sent out by Edwin & Undermyer,
which seemed to claim that they were
the author of the Miss. Elan's
pamphlet annihilated them. He expressed
with also the Court of Reverses to
Undermyer Bank. conduct in a certain
case.
I wrote him regarding the article
