10
from her assassins and the press a, to my, rotten counsel
answer. She said "that he two loved my life deeply, deeply,"
and added pathosily -- "just not an assassin like," &
with so equal humor, how can I of a man bear
from him!
Called in between Robert Prusyn at Mayflower Hotel.
Called in Catherine Grant.
Her defense was most cordial. Catherine told us
waiting about 15 minutes & said she had been
traversing. She expressed herself and died not even
particularity glad to see us. We stayed only a very
few minutes. I find Catherine was bored.
With Dilane, sitting beside Berton, I saw her hands and
held it for some little time. We treated it as a
game but I saw Catherine was quite desponded at
her father. When we went away, on a misunderstanding
Catherine made no effort to join Berton, as
the carriage did, and I think she did not even
throw hands with him. When Berton was found
going out of his front door, she called him
"good boy, Catherine" and C. returned very
casually. When I said send boys to him she
quietly returned good boy but without another
word. I send this in really good English you
will now see for the first time. She said you
missed come often, often, on trains! I do not
11
think she meant anything expressed by them. However she
was totally occupied with, distract, and irrelevant.
Perhaps she had had some defensive withe. Can
either or neither before we arrived. I told Berton
I would miss 10 to me that it would never
have been her opinion. Perhaps I am ludicrously
wrong on to this -- Berton says I am entirely deceived --
time only miss till -- I shall await the revelations
with interest.
Berton reminded me of Catherine saying to me
that I should have to remember me to Lady Ames & Mr. Yorke asked me to do that yesterday.
She also asked me to throw down my revolver
& knife which I was holding and not to sit on
if I were off a General!
I am sorry to say that Catherine was changed
very much. She has given up materials, as
she told me she had other things to do, while
at Danbury our chief was nothing else to do:
the case evidently layen up with a
small set Berton crowd, at dinner the old
women Berton said the was much blushed, and her
hair was well elaborately arranged with long
furrows; it made her look much older.
When she came down to day she did not
whom any chief of the soldiers of this valley
