140
July 29. 91. Island
left Fort San Jacob.
land to Boston, called at Callhous Street at the
Phillips House and she asked to come stopped
over and see him. I should about 15 minutes
and had a very pleasant call, I said we have
to leave the new train "the Century" on account of the
arrival and to come here almost when I go to
Washington. She added -- I find address your letter,
do please keep them up, I don't blame you at
all for leaving them made with me. You not
answering yours last one. I could not
write this blow down to him.
June 21. I called at Millsp of Boston toward
Curtis & Em Harling, they said he never called
on Boston last week, but they had not seen him.
July 20. Tuesday
Alfred leaving here.
James told me he intended to go to Naples
aided by a steam boat and was too exhausted and faint
sleeping he can leave, that my wills in
his opinion were for letting him leave of
Philadelphia -- which he said was the
greatest insult to court feel --
141
in afternoon called on President Hayes. The mail she
dropped in Rachel Hotel Sunday, leaving him Sunday with her
and said her wedding was at 11 o'clock. 5
July 21. Work.
Today no letter from Rachel Hotel and called
with him Am. in telephones.
He said that was at that moment writing me
and asked me to drive over and drive with
her this evening.
I got Charles Warren's chauffeur and he drove
me over. Husband alone & being over here.
After dinner we sat out under the trees and
brandy at many comfortable chairs at that hour a
very hot day in Wash. Rachel said the
wedding was finished on 11 o'clock. She was
on this day of my Radio Station and did
not get it now radio -- watching this same
material to time.
I would see Solomon Litch of Jackson -- a former Union Chief.
Aug 1. Wednesday
You young man the President will be the President
and Women young men others -- that young man has
doctor. seat up and hold Women at and beneath
Women must have any legislators trained upon
conventional -- that he rather considered the
incident deemed to reduce in Women etc.
