42
develop, him see of War, did at any time
call on an opinion from Albany. His cabinet
might be asked and must act in a
question of having been defeated in its
policy & having to surrender.
Thus seemed to me as an ambassador in
Baker.
In P. de Baker called and we had an evening
talk together. B. asked how Colonel Lincoln
of the 1st Michigan Regt. Lincoln & House & I was told
him of House's action in Paris in abandoning
2000 of whom Lincoln was among, saying that
he set them down to Gen. H. Baker, & that of these
2000 Lincoln intervened & got his men
throwing it to House. Baker evidently is
going into this matter. Did not Gen. Lincoln
intervened, and did not Grant have some
one paladin of House myself have
influenced Lincoln against him. B also
said his name & left no doubt but that
he held that Admiral Dewey might be the
man.
Baker said Lincoln had determined to make
him Secretary of State after leaving Washington,
either he helped him to obtain it himself
or he, in effect, barred him from getting it.
43
his cabinet that we -- Baker said that he will
have called cabinet meeting during silence
of cabinet, and he has seen of State, and that
he is inclined cabinet to drop him, but
consideration; that he had heard this and he
said it was necessary to proceed immediately
in this country.
He also said Lincoln had sent several messages
to Furniss intimating he wished him to resign
and that Furniss, (having another resignation
(the advice had required) would have country in
embarrass, deliberately obtained this message
by discriminating this part; also that Furniss
wanted to resign & send several messages to
Lincoln thus immediately to that office, which
Furniss also discriminated.
He also said Lincoln had abandoned him on
the Paris Peace Commission, and that he had
him think an idea had required to
Manhattan he would not go, to cabinet Lincoln
unreluctantly agreed, discriminating him from
generality; that he suggested him from a
Republikean, & Lincoln at once abandoned
him.
The said he met Furniss one day and told
him of his advice in Peace Commission and told
him would now bring a break out of that
