156
Feb 11, 1820. Lord.
Gov H. told me that Brooks' hold on Houston's
interest was dead and still have been
made long ago; that H. was tired of the
West & old not being anxious to cultivate the
farmers with any "glad hand" feeling and
had been thinking of resigning; that he wanted
some financial interest & that he provisions
had tried to get him a position as U. Presidt
in the Natl City bank N Y, and that they
said there was no place available.
Gov H also said he intended w. Meador in N.Y
and Talmed w. him about his candidacy
for President; that he thought (Gov H)
the new Sec of Julien would be a Senator
& profit the name; that this man had
been on Meador but was wavering and
inclined to Jackson. However, that he thought
Meador could get him the office to build
him on himself.
Gov H said Meador was a man who could
not favor giving anything to one who
was all rights & did not need to be bribed
into office. I think Gov H was refusing to
let Meador.
We also talked of Seamen vacancy Schuyler
notified Houston that he must hand
157
in his resignation next week; that he had
thought Genl Colvin Platt Chief of Staff & Civil. Cause
should be given the place as he was a Republican
well used in finance and banking; that
another Genl. did not be embarrassed. I
agreed w. him as to confirmation of a Democrat.
I told him to Houston at Lincoln at Conner
Club. He said it is almost impossible to
induce the Presidt to appoint a real Republican
to any office, and quoted Gen. Underwood to
effect that the Presidt had never appointed
real Republicans or real Democrats to any office!
In afternoon played billiards w. Houston. He
told me Meador had asked him to let
him know when any vacancy occurred
on the Board. He said he told him Stearns
would, shortly resign & asked what he could
do in mind. He asked if he understood the
slave masters of slaves would not be a
good man but made no other suggestion.
Gov H said he thought he wanted him
chancellor for the District; that C. was
once a brother in law of Genl Grant but
was deprived, that Grant hated him.
He also said C. was one of the chief
battles of Colston in his campaign
in a merely way & that he also
