174
Wednesday, Feb 22
Mr. Woolley of Supt. Com. Comm. this week, would
probably write me. Woolley said Mr. Crank
was responsible for Housh's attempt to
knock; that Mr. Adkson said to him yesterday
in N.Y. that Crank had got more out of
the attempt at less expense to himself than
any man he knew; that it was damning
and not the President who gave out the
damning correspondence and that he, Woolley,
thought the President must have thought
that damning could seriously injure and
not establish it. He said it was a terrible
blunder and that Mr. Adkson suspected it
deceptively.
Also said he saw Col. House in N.Y.; that
the relations between him & President was
widely broken; that House showed by
his questions that he was out of touch
with the President; that Mr. Wasty had
belonged in the Attorney Department as
attorney on Wilson & at the end had said
that House's head so swelled that the
President had to dock him; that while
House did not openly say so, he had
no doubt but that he felt that his
bluff at him succeeded on the White House
175
he said that just before Sen. Full had his interview
with Hays with the President, Hays asked
him to come to the White House and warn;
that he went there & found Haysalty and
Sen. Peterson; that Peterson said his interview
must be accorded, but that they felt
Wilson could decline as he desired Full;
that they then began telephoned Dr. Grayson
who came over and finally said he
would agree to deliver the President; that
then they had a direct revelation of
the whole matter, determining just
how it should be carried out in every
detail; that they arranged to leave a
copy of the Senate resolution on a
table in right hand of President; that
the President was to walk out with
his right hand & leave with the table
so as incidentally to show that his
arm was not harnessed; that the
abbas went off just as they arranged
it except that the President went
full but 3/4 of an hour instead of
10 minutes as stimulated for
he said if Sec. Baker were mounted for
Sec. of State there could be told the
