38
but that Jackson would keep the Pacific islands
at that land Jackson had this secret apparent
as to shaming but that Sirini did not
mention it to him, but whether it was an
intentional concealment or not, he did not know.
I can only infer from this thatunning is
very angry w. Jackson and it must be
that within those the building.
Sent 2. Tuesday
Staun told me he intended to resign within
the next few months; that he agreed to
accept Delano's term & was very much
satisfied when his name was sent in
for the 10 years term; that he had an excellent
standing w. McAdoo that when the war
was over & the port was troubles free
and, he still be at liberty to resign.
I am satisfied that he is required
to, not depreciated as ever.
Shearing of Gen Knox's stuck, he said
Knox candidly knew of the dispute
in the Peace Court over the El Paso
indemnity; that he & his associates
thought the amount should be left subject
to the treaty; that land Emelioff & Lloyd
39
exempt obliged; that Emelioff said he knew
Emery old boy 24 billions of dollars but
have no details; that Lloyd George said
if his Paul. emprison had lasted much
longer he did not know what maximum
he could have felt obliged to secure to
the English people; that he & his home
wanted indemnity figured at a million
per colo. Els. old responsibility be exhausted
to pay; that nothing more the treaty a
general provision to buy all damages
broad down Emery's shirt.
W. H. told me Elan said the President had
determined to appoint Henry C. McClellan, sub
of Clinton Wise, to W.R.B; that he was a
small unknown sample in a town of
about 200 people, and eligible consideration
for political action; that he was
utterly unfit for the position & that he
had told Elan so; that in his opinion
this matter was well to give McClellan
the American votes for President; that
McAdoo came to work last week
& will, hermand wills to make the
appointment; that he told Elan stuck
arriving that he could seize to but better
on W.R.B he old do so when Staun
