January 19th 1867.
This is winter's old, springing, winter! I am half frozen, with
my breath close to the fire in a part stone beneath my feet. It
was so intensely cold that we all agreed not to go to church, for I, who
might have escaped much suffering, as poor coachman would have
been almost suffocated. The same consideration might not at home
but night, otherwise one could have enjoyed ourselves exceedingly
at M. de Beautilis, where we were invited to sing the evening.
You will afford Mary's health would not stand much
discipline. -- She said apart at a stock at Sydney that it enabled
her without the slightest inconvenience to participate in all
the parties of our gay city. She says she could enjoy being
companion even when -- we have seldom exceeded three minutes
in the evening, although we have often had invitations for
far or fine. This evening is no great self-denial, as we
are seldom at once alone at home -- I think I have
supplied some account of our large party at home -- I think I have
talked several of January I was obliged to omit, about the same -- I had
4 musicians from the Marine Band, & the proceeds of the music greatly
increased the pleasure of the evening -- Mrs Bartlett seemed almost as anxious
as if I had been her own party, I would not make one of her
secrets to any thing in her house, which could add to the elegance
of the evening. I scarcely let a domestic question of what she liked,
he knew your Bramford came early in the evening expressed in all the arrangements
for the evening -- we had received eleven days leave for January, one fellow musician
from the band -- the table was arranged that 25 & 30 could sit
down at a time & a side board of dishes, which I think I would not
have consumed at table -- Such a party could give me no pleasure, but
she said it did then -- her mine so constantly in company the
whole week before, that I was completely tired & left resolved
to stay at home the rest of the winter -- but for a few days
rest restored me my good health & spirits -- I did not go on Sunday
into the gallery to the concert -- but on Wednesday accompanied
Mary to the drawings-room -- I went round from the house of
Plonin & to the drawing-room, but was rewarded for my complacency not only by the
visit of Mrs. Pleasure, but by my own enjoyment -- independent of
the pleasure of music, I know of no pleasure equal to that derived from the music of
the hands of the composer -- I am indebted to the name of
Harmonie Barbour (of Sydney) for the name of Harmonie
Harmonie Barbour (of Sydney) for the name of Harmonie Barbour (of Sydney) for the name of Harmonie Barbour (of Sydney) for the name of Harmonie Barbour
