rumbled about in little parties, at much at her
case as there was no party -- we had the
greatest profusion of steam-lunches, chowies, oranges,
etc. and I am sure I have several times seen
— remarked that this gay summer would please many
— and I even Elizabeth. She thinks would not
be displeased with our society, except like at the
worst for being half surrounded by foreigners -- Friends
indeed in most circles is as much a subject as English
Mr. Middleton, Hinds, Adams, myself, Shubledge &c
many others talk of or much on English --
we are all constantly regretting that Elizabeth
did not return with Ann. I long to have her
with me, if I think she would exist -- but I wish hope, as the plan
— some of her society some other reason. Ann is
much better than I hoped to find her 2 States
that this air, which has always repelled with her, quite
quite restored her health -- she last week & 2 weeks, had
a short but severe attack of the cholera major -- the
heat had been excessive for some days & suddenly changed,
& the money partner & rider in the night air, you
may be sure, had their part of business, true are both
now well -- Our dear little Anna, has had a
fourth attack of fever since her summer illness --
she complains of a pain, sometimes in the stomach,
sometimes in the side & sometimes in the head, &
is suddenly attacked with an incident & luminy fever. If
has always yielded to a dose of medicine & her illness
gone off in a day or two. -- Her spirits & activity were un-
believable as in her zeal & spirit at school. Her appetite
not bad, & her general health good -- no delirium, no lassitude.
She sleeps soundly & takes a great deal of exercise. -- I
know not how to account for these sudden & acute attacks
any way but by attributing them to worms. -- pray what
do you think & what would you advise me to do? she
is every thing & has none of the usual symptoms of worms.
She is a most endearing child & is now making great
improvement at school -- where she is a great favorite.
I at times feel very anxious about her --
June 22d 1818.
Your long wished for letter my dear husband
found consolatory and something to me. I wanted something
powerful enough to awaken my dormant feelings so long
occupied and wearied with domestic affairs. I have had
a multiplicity of minutes taken to attend to this during
and they certainly do contract the mind -- I long to be quietly
arranged once more that I may tranquilly enjoy this calm
season and the converse of my friends. Our good Sally has
been absent three weeks -- and a new hand can not sufficiently
her place my own exertions have been necessary in her
department to supply deficiencies as we have often occasion
al company dropping in. This has also consumed my time in a
way not altogether to my taste. The affecting details in your
letter made life appear in all its littleness and reduced the
absorption of thought on cares so frivolous. With what is man
in his best estate! but a hoping shadow. and at that in
agreement with the most important letter rank definition
