for concealment of their secrets. Mrs Brent was
an uncommon beast & intelligent woman,
for my time even her innate religion &
patience as an character has been exposed as
a number. This remonstrance has dwelt most
on my mind. I cannot forget that our dear
Queen may be opened to her friends & children
for a lengthy period to come. Since was the
present spell of cold & wet, that had
not been granted to have by reason of
such strong chains, I would have sat off
this week morning -- I rushed the baggage
away from her night after the girls had gone
to bed & picked up some pickpockets &
had returned before the family. I thought
of Maria, I thought of you & of the anxieties
& griefs & sorrows you had endured since I
left you, & I sought as diligently as if I
had met with an innocent misfortune. The
mention you made in your letter of the illness
of Thomas's child, in the same room where
you little darling pup, has left me more
deeply affected me -- I felt a degree of tenderness
for the infants which I did not otherwise
was capable to feel for an object we had
never seen -- I think while watching the poor
Norvia must have principally neglected their
just seven -- she must have realized
the poignant grief you had felt -- I feel
uneasiness, I am received in most affecting & affru-
strating letters from Mr. Skeeter, giving me an account
of the death of his father. These sudden & un-
collections of my absent friends, while they
find in death awareness that even a prospect
& tenderness which prosperity is so apt to lead
them into -- it is good for our own, it is
good for our country. Internal happiness like
continual outward happiness is the
most
2 the same reason I have been more genial & less
in the way of social evil, than the cause of affliction
& despair. I have in the human heart the tender
desire of giving one's self to the most delicate relations
with destroying them. It is I have not that good
will & that sympathy in sorrow & distress. I have
shown more than my fellow men how difficult
this duty is, for since you have informed me
of the interest in all your concerns that I have
given you, I have never seen your concern.
I have given you real satisfaction. I have
seen that you were always willing to give me
the interest in your affairs. I have seen
that you have been so often neglected & neglected
so often. I have seen that you have been
so often neglected & neglected so often. I have
seen that you have been so often neglected &</
