quite I could persuade him to stay longer -- but as this
is so, is impossible, he has promised me a comfortable
summer -- I shall look forward to it and enjoy it by anticipation. Hope circumstances will
prove propitious -- you would I envy your success
at Sidney.
Write you a long letter last Sunday
immediately on the receipt of yours -- But I have
so depersonalized the next day that I would not write
it -- I never sought news to write to you who
depersonalized by nervous affection -- I am not from
myself -- I cannot not account for the entire change
which takes place -- at such moments, no matter
whether beneath accumulated untried hopes, causes
must more miserable than Sido -- life feels like
a burden, to its prospects, danger, gloomy, a dreary
scenery, a ray of hope illuminates my mental horizon
and often does this burden of life feel so much
that nothing but the fear of crime would prevent
me throwing it off. Do not think this fact more
augmented or far from this, that I cannot in
words, which can convey to you an idea of
the gloomy depression and disgust of life I at times
experience -- The unhappy state of mind does not
let long, a good night's sleep, all general rest
me to cheerfulness & contentment & even gaiety -- Have
you not often seen, the noon day sun, suddenly descend
across a smiling landscape instantaneously
darkened, by the gathering of black & heavy clouds?
This is the face of nature then changed, all its
brilliant lights obscured, & dreadful sounds silenced --
In many of the winds, the portent of the
rain, & in the darkness of the atmosphere, signs
of the desolation all around -- In a few moments
these clouds are gone away, the winds are
blazed, & the sun burns forth, & the landscape
is more lovely & more brilliant than before --
And in the mind of man subject to
the same physical laws, can the immortal soul
be thus subject to fatal bodily injury & death?
If any thing in order, this element of day, if the
circulation of the blood is impeded, if the play
of the lungs is interrupted, if the muscles are
paralyzed, or the brain is wounded -- Is the soul
to suffer? The activity of the mind be deadened?
Fancy, hope, affection all feel the lamentable
influence? -- Is man then a machine &
is all his intellectual powers & his moral feeling
defend or keeping this machine in order?
Can I think, however, when I find that without
any moral cause, any charge in the circumstances of life -- I am one day the happiest & another
unhappy -- When I find that no exertion of my mind,
can prevent or remedy this evil, but that, wine or
any other stimulant will almost instantly operate
a change; how relieve me from an offensive burden
& depressing gloom! --
