did he was fervent & very wakeful -- on the evening
I gave him night of Thursday -- & by the next
morning the complaint was such as to occasion
or increase. I fed him the next day in two
or could from 2 with 2 by respecting neccessity.
He has now regained his red cheeks & looks
so robust that we shall him nothing but while
Reaching the expiration of his death has been
gradually going off & in our mutual well, with
all my having used any application -- He has
grown more since this operation began to dry
up in three weeks, than he did before in
three months; or that it was highly beneficial. The effects
are not beginning to be troublesome & Smart
not expect him to be quite well. -- I only
hope my dearest sister, to consider him a only
last to me, & to cultivate a temper ever
working to give him up to his Heavenly
father. I receive with this dear Bible, which
thanking, of your deputies respect. Whenever the
eye of Providence affords me to do so, I
mountable, I learn satisfaction by knowing my
adopted the relation of an infant to a godly
parent, knowing that I am for now ignorant
in comparison to my heavenly father, has even
a new consciousness in its earthly parent.
I am deeply to hear from Tang, has not suffered from
these dreadful nervous attacks, which once made you a
so unhappy. I pity you for her application & regret
her for that government of her feelings which enables
her to earn to remove her father. Remember me
especially to her, let me congratulate you upon
the this continuation in office. I trust reports
in this communication is hope for many
years your dear children will with a healthy
attitude in life.
I had a letter from Manass a few
days since; as I suppose she will be with
you by the time you receive this. Such delay
annoying here at the present.
you have had terrible times of it with
Brinson, but I believe an immense part of
from a use of the weather has prevented
ought till the U.S. the papers from New Orleans
& all the intervening country announce great
damages done by the use of power. The Union
dies little or none at Washington. It has
been a dreary sort of weather for the country --
has retardation all our operations -- yesterday we
had a severe snow storm the second last day of our
have seldom toward the mean long in living in the
depth of winter. -- The weather has but little
effect on myselfs a state like in the United
who indeed are very fond of rainy days. -- The day
accomplished for another storm. The sun for several
part in a novel night -- I suffer very much from
