have at different times denied with as
our good Capt. Cruikshank has been always met
with sometimes twice a week to see us
When he comes he stays all night & quite
domesticated with us. Bayard & Annex
are reading his narrative, which I need
to have two years ago. It is seldom they
do not say the tribute of their love to
his sad story, at least Bayard, who is
a tender hearted little oriental. -- Since I
left notice I have given some very Calhoun
I could not refuse attending a very large
ball she had -- I never received crowded -- I never
saw every one I knew for he first & last time
this winter -- I was completely weary before
the evening was over -- so much for nobility
Mrs C -- always enquires very particuarly
after you, I bad me remember her kindness
to you in the girls I left Ann to make
her home, or she should not see her for a
great while, as she is all her family ever
going to S. Carolina -- I began to be quite anxious
for Ann's return -- I had no idea she would
so much -- that I lent her the books no very active
part in the family & does not add much to its gain.
I find one added much to our general happiness
& comfort -- She is such a dear, kind, affectionate
& amiable friend, such a quiet & gentle being, that
her society was a talent, but constant source
of pleasure when well & cheerful, it was a most
worthwhile solace in sickness or trouble -- I
am glad she has been absent, it has made
us more sensible of her and obviously worth &
I am sure we shall all value
her society more than ever -- do one is more anxious
for her return than Julia -- for the she used to
leave & sometimes leave, she really loves her
as soon as the road is weather allows
of her travelling, tell my dear child, I shall
go sail if you will my orders for her return, &
I wish you would let Elizabeth return with her
Susan both forward with impatience to the
time when she shall form an acquaintance with
her & expects to find in her the friend for
whom we have long -- she most earnestly promises
me in begging the E. may come back not alone
cannot we my dear sister always manage to
have our families united -- I think if E. were
to come here, her Smith would let Susan return
next autumn with her & I hope he would not
join Susan's mind in becoming more & more
deeply interested with views of religion, & she
not only reads but studies the scriptures & devotes
many hours every day to her journal. She is
very impatient for Anna's return.
The weather at present is extreme cold -- It
snowed with little interruption all Friday &
saturday -- today also the sun shines clearly, there
is but little thawing. The trees look like chrysalis
& last night when the moon shone brightly on our
withered trees, they afforded one of the most
brilliant sights I have ever seen. -- I am sure
that at this moment I know few you & your
family were. I have not heard from Maria
but meet in many months & that six weeks
ago. Little did I imagine when you left me
that we should have been so entwined together,
on the contrary I anticipated a much more frequent
& intimate intimate intercourse -- Oh my sister how much
happiness am I at now, then I was this time
last year -- the felts of last year -- was a month
