My letter from Jersey -- all breathe the same spirit of
grateful contentment. She seems like another being. I will
transcribe a sentence from her last letter. "Ma situation est absolument heureuse, je suis utile sans être dans le chemin de personne. J'ai la douce satisfaction d'être aimée sans troubler le bonheur des autres. Je suis entouré de toutes les bénédictions du ciel, et de la terre. Je n'ai rien à désirer pour moi même. You must be sure this comes
my heart. It is beyond all my expectations. It shows that providence has ways of helping, of which our imagination could never form an idea." Let us trust in his goodness and perform our duty.
Adieu, my dear Margaret -- May God forever bless
you
Ever truly
your brother
Abraham Lincoln
27 July, 1863
What can have been the cause my dear sister of your most prolonged silence? I have daily
been expecting a letter & when to my eager question
my "have you a letter today?" Mrs Smith has always
answered in the negative, I have left only disappointments
Mary in her last letter said you would write to me from her bed room where you were going to stay
for a few days. I wrote to Maria last week, but addressed
nothing to you under the false assumption that you
had returned home, and were making arrangements
for your trip abroad for which I hope nothing has occurred. To charge your resolution of returning
to the government without waiting for an escort I
feel so certain that you do Mary would suffer no
more inconvenience from so doing, that I cannot
recommend you to undertake it. If we want
another old thing, one just as we desire, I am
afraid we shall never meet again -- if we
were living in the city I certainly would not ask
you to come on in the months of August or September
1863 or any bills we have now, disease, death
here, months are unpleasant even here, yet they
are not entirely -- and I am afraid you pity
your family to a more convenient or more
pleasant season, some new obstacle will arise.
at any rate pray do write frequently to
me; I cannot imagine my dear Sister why you have
been so long silent at times I feel uncanny unless
you or some of your friends are ill. -- Since I
last wrote, we have had an emergency that occasioned
