talents, wealth -- all fade at the touch of death.
The path of glory leads but to the tomb." The fate of
your poor friend is a striking lesson. Respect of all colonial
divorces her heart was gathering for part of almost three
years was her mind as to the most important point -- was there
no title of honor, of peace, of immortality to cheer the dying
conscience of the tomb? I also from what you told me rather
advanced to the faith of her youth and that she would be
surprised by the hope of a better life to come. Oh how useful
is this sweet hope to comfort us both in life and death.
Without it, seems to me all earthly things would soon lose
their power to interest. We should sink in with their incidents
if were they not crowded by opening the nature of duties
and involving a future accountability. This raises the whole
character of life. Gives consequence to every act.
Last evening I sat alone a long time in one of
the inner missing morden in which the heart longs to know
that I had the wings of a dove that I might have flown
to you -- I vainly tried to cast you in fancy -- I suffered
for my Syden -- was with you that you were surrounded
with your happy groats of children -- but my imagination
is not strong enough to satisfy my heart. I do not
regret the loss of seeing you sometime this summer for
now towards the close if I can have of an agreeable
party -- or protector. It is not in Willy's power to leave
him -- he has so much business -- there is a very great
increase of business in the courts of late which makes me
sure there will yet be sufficient encouragement for our
husband to settle in his native place. This has always
been the fond wish of my heart -- but I determined that my
wishes should not thwart his interest -- but if both can unite
it will be most delightful to us. This fathers influence might
and probably would help him in Jersey -- I will cherish the hope
that I shall have one of my son to console the decline of the
Bayard's course requires a larger place than I, but fellow
there seems no prospect of his commencing it.
I thought of you and your dear Susan on the 19th
of last month and I am sure I will have many happy returns of this charming season
and may they find her always equally innocent -- and the
delight of all around her. Remember me to your dear girls
and darling boy. Mary is at Weston June 2. I have seen
me making this strong reply -- It is delightful to see
them all, they are so perfectly happy.
