I certainly think it was hoping for this that his offer
of submission was intended to induce -- before they united
themselves by an indisputable tie. Present pain is nothing -- to a
life drawn out -- in disgust -- refusing -- discontent. I am far from
believing Smith's prospects are closed. She is much admired and
may yet awaken a similar sentiment in a brother more congenial
to her own. If not -- her primary affair when arranged may be
left to choose another residence if the funds any clothing of union
with the other branches of the family who are now part coming
into life. If any idea -- you are in the path of duty -- in affording
her an asylum -- and must therefore content yourself with being the angel
of conciliation and good will to all. Poor William -- I am truly
sorry for him. What a bitter disappointment! He writes to Barga
that while age -- and called himself the happiest man in the place --
but still anticipating greater happiness he comes -- Mary has answered
his letter but left of all congratulations for his place to
condolence. Mary esteem him and regrets his disappointment.
He may live to regret for what now prevails him. There are some
ambitious. The hope to secure is often more well than well
from wounded love. I hope he will act with alacrity towards
her and expect her feelings. Have you read the Raleigh
conquest? Perhaps it would amuse him just at this time. There
is not much said directly in favour of matrimony but the code
of inference is in favour of nature of the arrangement of a
wise providence -- which naturally designed as for the married state.
Bolberg is better than an illiterate man -- but all the fairness and
benetties of matrimony, where there is a true attachment and harmony
our connection -- are little to the solitary firing -- the unacquainted
sensibility of the single heart. Praying in truth or sinning
into atheism --
I am very very sorry you have so much trouble with Mrs. C.
her unfortunate woman -- a hospital is the only refuge for her. She
would be much more comfortable in such an institution than she
could be in any private house. I wish her husband could send her
to this. Kind for you, my dear Margaret. I regret your
involvement should be so varied -- and that you should pay such a
heavy penalty. But I will think it is for the best. If anyone
you a sincerer affection. I may be candid and do not expect you
to be too much I am afraid you will be led to make two separate
sections or Mr. B's account. I now almost regret that I urged
him so much to go. proud I have foreseen that you would have
such an accumulation of pains on your spirits at once. Debts
etc. but here again it may be for the best for I know nothing
about you so much good as to have your friends around you.
I feel very anxious to hear of Mr. B's arrival and know how
he has his journey -- and how he is pleased with all he sees & hear.
You know he is not very fond of his son. so I hope you will work
to so while he is with you. I hope returning health will bring
back the sweet comfort of society with your awful been robbed.
Raynard left us on Monday evening for Blyg. and Mary & I
are left to comfort one another. The weather has been so damning
that we have not been able to go out and as one has been to see
us -- yet we are cheerful and busy -- broke, work of marriage
with our own agreeable conversation. make the hours fly swiftly
so that we are quite astonished to find the week at an end seven
Mary sends a great deal of love to you -- and says she cannot
let you off -- without a letter really dignity to herself.
The hopes the clouds will be dispersed and your mind shine
out with all its attraction -- radiance before long -- and that
the will have a fine long picture giving a full and particular
amount of some of your extended ideas.
</
