2. There is a probability almost certainity of renting the lower
part of the house - this same man endeavors to effect, from
leisure looking out for a servant woman - I hope to hear of one
in the country, as at this season of the year it is next to
impossible to get one in the city - I shall of course engage
her conditionally and leave it to Mrs. Sloane to complete
the furniture. - Carpeting can be procured here at a collar or
seats less costly - but in the lowest stores I envy other articles
both excepted, can be had here, & I imagine as low as 10 sh.
If you see this Stone with you expect to have the advantage of
laying on with her a supply of materials for drawing & painting.
I left her of the way to introduce the use of finished chairs
(optional) included in the land portion & cabinet rules, I think it would
give more satisfaction to the parents. None is to be had here.
Calam for painting on velvet, would likewise be found profitable &
advantageous to the school. Many apologies & much thanks for my not announcing
the letter to another without saying to you sufficient. After spending a great
part of three weeks to this business, I have just settled my pay down
to my work & determined for one week at least to keep steadily
to my needle - when I got a note from Mrs Van Balker announcing her
visit in the city - I have given her three days in a night with an instrument in her
hand to put in the night day. She went with the job & myself to
paid on Mrs. Madison - Many times was I totally disinterested, as to externals, animals
& inanimate.
It could she has brought her son here, to study how to use the
under our Catholic cane - I told her that difficultion was thrown at times
in his family - "Oh exclaimed she, that is the very thing I most
desire for my son" - I did not much encourage this last idea, but
promised to introduce her to Mr C. which I did - He readily consented to take him in his office, but required time to consider &
caused many difficulties to take him into his family - he said
he would speak to Mr C. to know if it would be agreeable to divide
his room with him. I mean his attention to talk to Mr C. advised
him not to receive as one inmate a perfect stranger - he may
be very clever but he may not - Mr C. does not seem much
inclined to stop him not with standing Mrs. Campbell's solicitude, thus
this arrangement will not be made, as I think I have say pointed
with them, if best for him to be alone. The morning he called
on Mrs. M. Mary went to Georgetown purchased some Scarlet craps
we went with Mrs. Van B's room & in ten minutes returned. Mary's bound
to the counter being completed. The presentation from
the races will I suppose all be heard - you hear of nothing new but
the races - they are to commence on Tuesday - this is the great day - I shall
go to please the girls - for all places to meet in the most extreme, I have never been
with the birth year of my arrival here - I am glad to have
time to write
