presid to your maternal bosom, & to my little
son, thoughts & feelings. -- And have these
words been fulfilled? -- Yes, literally full -- for
I shall I suppose use the word, the more truly
to describe my feelings -- How seldom is this
the case; how much easier on the contrary
are our fondest hopes disappointed, & find
it very easier, given as not our wish! But
during the whole time I was with you, not a
momentary cloud, obscured the sunshine of affection
on my heart, none unbroken to each other, & to
chain of affection knighted. -- And your dear
husband; I cannot tell you the impression his
affectionate manner have made on me; nor
before did he inspire me with so much
confidence, & esteem, & awaken an interest so
warm & lively. May God spare him long
to you & his children & bless his latter
days with a continuance of every comfort
he have had a long, a cold storm,
Mary has scarcely been out of the house,
except on Sunday, & I have been anxious
lest her spirits should fail her -- but I have
not perceived this to be the case. The
first rainy day we read Lutin de Maugthine
together & are now engaged in the Mystery
of Noëlspho -- Both have words forcibly
recall you to my mind, for we have read
them together -- Observed to Mary yesterday,
this "when your mother was about my age,
I am a little younger than you, & you a little
older than I am."
thing like Anna Maria, she read that book to
me -- that 2nd passage we admired together.
I now read it to you, who are now a young
woman & I growing an old one: He turns not
to Mary, before you may read it
1 some grand child of mine -- he are all
gaping off the stage, while others are coming
on to feel the same emotions, to meet with
the same incidents 2 to admire the objects.
The sort of which charms us, with whom our
children, children; he tries which now yields
as fruit, with whom I flourish for him, when
we are making up he dust -- Is man then
the most transient creature in existence?
Inwards, every one left Mary a different
note to the rest of the family -- it all to me
our room to indulge myself in silence &
thought. -- In fancy transported me to part.
The wind was roaring loud & the rain downy
in torrents -- You too loved those sounds, &
imagined that you too might in the calm
of your chamber be thinking of Sidney -- I am
sure you must at times feel lonely, & do my
deeds I well know that the life of your
poor little fancy, is one that must sacrifice
to the happiness of your children; much greater
than they can imagine -- And indeed my sister, you
can imagine, for few knew the luxury of luxury
beloved as you were by your poor friend. -- Is
he the object of an affection, so unbounded,
& disinterested, so devoted, most public, dignified
& faithful, of apparent, of what no idea can
regenerate but your love, who have entertained it,
is he the continual object of all the cares, difficulties
& such sentiments
