I regret it exceedingly - for I am sure he would enjoy it
and he really wants some recreation - he rarely denies anything
to his family - and as rarely indulges himself.
Brother Samuel is appointed by the Committee of the
Bible Society to go to U. S. Edition borough - for certain
favour to the U. S. I hope he will be successful. It is not
quite so unpleasant as begging for money directly. I think he
is a suitable agent - for he has great zeal in the cause and
great activity & perseverance. I imagine you will not find
the collision of political sentiment so sharp as it was when you
were here - there is a very great change, generally characterized
the present President has conciliated the good opinion of many
by the gentleness and candor of his manners while on his tour
and has pleased in his late appointments. Every one I have
heard speak on the subject think that Mr. Dick & Biblical
hom do honour to the Presidents judgment and to their
country. That will be the effect of the refusal of the inter-
nal taxes on Mr Smith's office? Will it be absolute? or shall
continued in case of contingencies? I hope if this place is
disposed of - that will be some other opening for him.
I am now looking for heavy - by the next stage that
comes in - Elizabeth is to remain in D.C. with her cousin
June Stevens, this winter. She has commenced taking lessons in
drawing - of a teacher that is very much celebrated - Mrs Johnson
profits from her - objection - and recommends him highly. If C. has
as much taste as you had she might make great improvements
this winter - I hope she will acquire so much that she can
hereafter prosecute it at home, with more pleasure & advantage.
Do your girls go to Dix's Stone this Winter? Does their
improve in music? - As to their dress - I do not think
you need to make any change. I do not think otherwise
expect it - perhaps not notice it. If I did, the excuse you
give is quite sufficient.
I expect to pass a few days with our friend at
prisonation toward the close of this week. I have not seen
sister since the painful scene of Susan's death. I will receive
many affecting recollections. but I hope it will be a salutary
sorrow.
I do not know what to make of the strange
accounts you give of Littledon. I hope you will see more of
him now you are in town - so as to form more accurate
judgment. Have you said anything to Mr Baldock about him?
Does he consider his late poem as proceeding from religious
impressions? I long to know something more about him.
He writes very seldom to us, and when he does it is in a way
that affords no weight into his sentiments or feelings. His
other validity that he is living - and that is all.
We have had the pleasure of hearing from King.
He arrived at Eutawja on the 23d of Sept. and was obliged to
perform guarentine - he appears well - and in good spirits
but does not say when he will return. We now begin to
look for him and hope he will be with us by Christmas.
Have you seen an account of James D. Bayard's death
in the Baltimore paper? God fellow of years he has suffered
pitifully without any kind friend to look his last hour.
But death is the best thing that could have befallen him -
for there was no rational ground of hope - of his reformation.
