you long wished for letter, my dear Margaret has at
length made its appearance, and fully compensated for delay by its ample
and interesting contents. Receive my grateful thanks for so much pleasure
for exciting in my heart so many sweet sensations! Only one thing hindered
the enjoyment. It is what you say of Mr. Smith. I am extremely sorry that you
think his health is impaired. Can you not prevail on him to relax his
application, before any complaint is formed. Perhaps an immediate
remission of labour, with licence to indulge himself more unconsciously
to his favorite pursuits of agriculture might greatly and effectually
relieve him, and him with more moderate exertion he might escape his
occupation in the winter with safety. I hope he will not exhibit himself
so trifly with a complaint so serious as one of the heart. If
after it is too often done, the attack is painful and incurious and
proper means are not employed in an early stage when it might be cured.
I fear this is the case with Mr. Smith. He made very light of
her first symptoms, but is now, I fear too far gone, to be recalled.
Do not however alarm Mrs. Smith if she is still with you, it is best to keep
her from the family.
That shall I say to you my dear Margaret for the courtesy
in which you speak of my daughter. It is gratifying to my heart
to hear her praised, but especially by you because I rely on your
sincerity. You would notatter me. I am certain. If you did not
approve you would be silent. Therefore this decided and discriminating
approval, fills my heart with the purest delight. It will be one of the
happy results of this visit to kindle closer together by the tender
clothes of our children. Mary is indeed truly engaged herself with
the and Lyttleton both say it is impossible not to be happy with
you. They are deeply penetrated with your kindness and that of Mrs.
and are delighted and interested in every member of your dear family.
A thousand thanks to you my good Sister for all the pains you take
