to ornament, & its lightest start in conversation with him -- very the greatest intellectual event I have ever had -- the most enthusiastic admiration of Mr. Cecil & renewed my affection for him --
Since the last year he has been the leading figure & hero of Abbe Cerboni, with whom he has explored the mountains & valleys & rivers of Wyoming, & described the sublime & its beautiful scenery, with all the enthusiasm of genius & youth -- While I was thus enjoying Mary & Aaron were conversing with their cousin & left the pleasure of making the acquaintance of his intimateboy, young
man -- I asked him & said to myself, "Blessed to pass the next evening together with God, Harrison & Col. Taylor -- the two last were engaged --
This evening Mary & Aaron returned later than I have ever seen her -- when I was first went in, the chairs round Mrs. Modlin were occupied by me seated between them on the opposite side of the room -- few persons put around, the room was empty -- he had not been long seated when Mrs. Modlin passed to receive a party up to Mary, both her hand, & a slight & usual compliments. I did not see her deal a great secret to communicate, but should not do it, while the end of the evening -- a great deal of talkness on both sides took place -- when Mrs. Modlin told her that a gentleman who had fallen in love with Mary, who was a friend of hers, had come by his confidence that he was to be thine -- she would not tell Mary his name, and she saw how more inclined he was -- in this time she told Mary's
The conversation was carried on with so much animation that I drew the attention of those around -- Mary's eyes shone like stars, she had a brilliant colour, (while however she always has) she spoke more than I, thought so -- Mary's beauty depends almost entirely on her complexion, manner & colour -- for length of hair, her whole teeth & varied bloom, when heightened by fine spirits, really over-silents quiet & uninterested -- she has always a fine colour & energy, she never in her life enjoyed such high health -- I asked a friend, who was in the way of hearing such things -- what manner Mary was spoken of -- She said many called her very handsome, but she was not generally admired, for her intelligence, her expression & animation -- that every one thought her an uncommon sensible girl & as when he was in about she used her voice -- no kindness, no kind of salutation -- but so much good humour, & sharpness --
Now -- I am at home, & seldom, but seldom she has a chance to speak, she is more inanimate than ever, & almost not so pretty -- On Thursday evening we had a charming little party at home, among 5 or 6 persons -- in the morning, in a social way -- Gen. Harrison & Col. Taylor came in --
Mr. & Mrs. Henry The 2 Gen. Bonaparte (to Senate Gov & Mr. Speaker, Mr. Fillmore
Abbe Cerboni, Dr. Suckless & Dr. P. This gentleman -- I had a long talk with him --
He is the old abbe -- but could not give any one of these themes of concern --
about which he is celebrated --
