your appreciation I find is not unqualified. You may, you like
it, in most respects. I hope you will in all that is essential to
my only fear, is a defect in government, discipline, arrangement.
In the best talents I should suppose them quite adequate.
It must be a great gratification to you to witness her progress
at such an early stage and think how much your kind offices have contributed
to promote it. It is selfishness to justify, power and influence
at the same time have a heart commiserating. I intended
to employ them wisely. Perhaps Lyellton may think you will disapprove
of changing his destiny and reverting it to the belief he cannot
be deemed quite happy in his present situation and I hope
everything in knowledge and other improvements. Do tell me
what Mr Smith thinks of him, and Mrs Smith's if they ever
reach this Division. I wish much to know the impression
he makes and how he vindicates himself. It is a proud task
for a young man to be left so much to his own discretion. When at
some time is an inevitable influence of circumstances that ordinarily
and quicker but when at a distance, this is investigated and under
principles are well fixed in the mind alterations from the changed line
and often occurs. You can understand the difficulty I feel on this
side and how much I depend on your kind vigilance to caution &
admireth. To my dear Margaret what obligations do I owe you
for your maternal attention to my children. I can not express any
sense of them. You give me one of the sweetest pleasures my heart
can know in the assumption you express of Mary. she is so
impressively with you. I find you see her as she is, and nothing
can be of greater gratification to me than, that as she is you love
her. I have long wished that you should be acquainted with her
and that she should enjoy the benefit of knowing your I think
the warmth and frankness of your manners. may meet with that success
which she has contrived from the painful and delicate circumstances
in which we have so long been involved. I know also, and
strongly lament it that my own character and diffidence of temper are
also in fault and I only wonder that with such a mother my children
are so good as they are. What a painful thought it is that the innate
fault of constitution in a parent, like a hereditary malady may
ruin the happiness of children when we are no there. Such as a carriage
of climate sometimes mitigates and remedies disease, so fortunate circumstances
may counteract defects contracted from early habit. I believe
this may be the case with my children -- and particularly Mary. you may
be instrumental in giving a new bias to her character and spirit to
injuries the may have received either from my temperament's manner.
But I wish, my dear Margaret, you would be candid in the subject
of the attentions of gentlemen, and not suggest the idea that there is anything
particular, unless you have certain ground to go upon. You know how
imagination takes flame in a young mind -- and the embarrassments it occasion
while some others only render a young woman anxious to
inflate her vanity. I must do you Mary the justice to say that I have seen
as little of this in her conduct as in any girl I have ever attended, and from
which I heard in 9th. with respect to a person there. she was not altogether innocent
of the pleasure of playing. He therefore cannot be too careful to
avoid any thing in her manner, particularly a that manner of speaking
the formidableness of friendship, and admonish her as one of your daughters
-- Your animated remonstrance, quite attended me, at the first appearance
of a situation which I never expected. How have I offended? Behave me
was far from intending any injustice to your friend. I know nothing
of him. have no jurisdictions. It is the military profession, against which
I alone I wanted to stand Mary -- she has such an increasing desire
for martial exploits. I know not how far he might be led by the
celebrity of renown. Besides my passionate principle for the freedom of
the press is opposed to that sort of glory, that is obtained by arms. I cannot
refuse my respect to great and heroic qualities, otherwise I did I love the train of quiet existence -- but I may be all that you
respect him -- but I had only heard his name as a soldier, which still
others has the least confidence with me. This I thought it might doubt
largely in the view of a youthful mind, already too enthusiastic in an
country's glory, some noise -- what has so disheartened you. Because
I meant not to direct to your favorite. Do it with your conjecture
I cannot not on it. for I know your imagination sees this a different
medium from others. But I will say to you generally. I wish if there
was matter an election, her judgment, fancy & heart may concur in the
choice. When the meet with one who thus concedes her mind satisfaction
