from the fact I have too much affair, yet am approaching an
campaign, & I tell quite seriously of lunacy, due to me about
part of one year, to say, -- he have had a great
amount of abundance of fine fruit, the season's last
leather still contained in the pots are all frequent
reunion to the garden, yesterday came out every evening
afternoon a dog's mouth Monday morning -- I propose to have
rigame or what, after it is Saturday evening, as I find
him so fond of it, & you know my plan of making home
the seat of most pleasant progressive gains. -- Besides the
fact it is not very much, & I find even that is not a
consequent relaxation for his eyes I head, & on this account
at cards on the table. I sometimes feel quite uneasy
about the state of his health, he never complains but desires
to be with me, & I could persuade him to desire his love to himself.
I had a long conversation with Mr. & Mrs. Cardwell about
his -- they are both highly pleased with him -- they are
so brave individuals in the family, & has quite won
his mother's heart Mr. C. says he means those of the
children. Mr C. says he thinks he studies too hard to earn
himself the money. This, I tell him with all he is
about the case when we move into the city, as he writes
them has more of his enemies with us -- William
Brady, & Lewis Annie old bear has been quite active
abroad, but the rain has prevented -- I have heard
of yours for the quiet next week to Newark, Newark and
Therese have not seen at leisure before -- I hope to meet
with your pleasure. They are likewise to go to our
place -- which have now attended by ladies as well as
gentlemen -- I should have written to you before,
but nearly all they I have not had a moment's time --
I have for the last 3-4 weeks, been to the city 3 days, in the
week day week 2 some times of the week -- the station situation
now leaves render it now difficult to do business -- the
arrangements for Sunday school, calling on different
families, & all similar to different people about a house
has kept me away days away from morning until late in
the afternoon -- As to a house, I want to move from a
day's people, & after all could hear of no other than
to one I have taken. The rent is so high, that I
did not take it, until I found it totally impossible to
let another, & that she must abandon her work, which
was expected. I am afraid it will not be finished
until November -- But Mr Stone could immediately
accommodate you for your family -- The situation is
extremely favorable, to house an excellent man
