1816
July 21st
To Mrs Smith.
When I first wrote to you, I expressed my regret that I could not
be with you in the present season. I have since received
the intelligence contained in your last letter, that the blessing of
prosperity, and your kind wishes, our plan for Mr. Smith's
appointment is completed. Our wishes are thus far carried with complete success. My heart is
unquestionably united to my Heavenly Benefactor, who has thus
unprecedentedly provided for my dear son, and placed him in a situation
so favorable to action, so calculated to carry generous sentiments
of his nature. As I told you when you were here, I still think
that his present appointment, with all its attendant circumstances, is
most favorable to a clear profit of ten thousand dollars. I value it
much more myself, and hope he will also appreciate it justly and
strive to avail himself of the various advantages that kindly bestowed
I will not spare your generous heart by uttering the grateful acknowledgements
to which are so justly due. Indeed I could not. I have no
words to express half I feel. "There is a reward in keeping the love of
love that I think you must now richly enjoy. I pray you may in future, both here and hereafter receive an ample remembrance from the
hands of a just and beneficent providence for all your kindness and all
your acts of love and kindness. I count much on your influence with
Mr. Smith and hope you will recommend him faithfully if you see that he
replaces any sport of his duty. Democracy is indeed the essential thing.
if it does not exist himself perfectly, the people with intelligence there is
every reason to hope he will succeed. I am truly obliged that Mr. Smith
has consented to receive him in his office -- and more if possible that
he takes him in his family. What could be more perfect? With a
man such as you describe Mr. Smith he will have an admirable industry
and active benevolence always before him with which I may in
the means of reviving the misfortune he once experienced, so much
he will see the evidence of order, steadiness, and application in daily use, and hope
he will profit by them. I commend him to the Christian blessing of God.
