Anna in mine. I had persuaded Dr Smith
to go with Bayard in another -- In the
morning the Dr had pronounced it the scarlet
-fever -- so that I believed Susan to be seriously
with it, -- I looked forward to the probability of
its going through the family. -- It was difficult
I governed my feelings & concealed my affection
-pensions for our service -- the night passed in
the most gloomy for body, contrarily to the real
with infected manner of Bayard, this so
long I impatiently wished for recovery -- The
next morning, before breakfast, a most kind
affectionate note was handed me from
Mrs Middleton, who the evening before had
heard of Anna's illness; stating she said
but an indissoluble engagement at home
prevented her immediately coming to see me.
This little piece of kindness cheered me -- Susan
was better 2 at home when he came
he said it was not the scarlet fever, &
opened me there were no dangers on our route --
he passed a most sober Christmas -- The
Smiths & the girls sat all day with in
my chamber & Anna was so much as to
try me to read from the bible to her -- what
I did for 2 or 3 hours, Bayard sitting close to
his seat -- On the morning Anna bade Bayard
take her children to her, where the care, & she
paid herself from her pocket, a game, & gave
each their Christmas gift. She has behaved
most sweetly & patiently -- often in the night
she will say to, do you to sleep dear mother,
she will not throw the blankets off -- indeed I
did not throw the blankets off --
indeed I would put her little arms
round my neck, lay her burning cheeks on
mine, & kiss me on my cheek, mama --
She is certainly better this morning, but not altogether
up the Doctors appearance. I cannot help feeling
the worst
Susan is far from well. Julia is brave &
the hardest & most attentive nurse you ever saw
of my dear sister, affliction must come at some
time or other, no life can be exempt from it --
Dear Mrs Middleton passed yesterday many
words as -- she was at kindness & light measures
she died & her converse at once -- at such moments
as these have most to be regretted -- I wonder
is seldom absent from my mind -- last night
as I sat alone by my dear sister's bed, I thought
how lately you had been in the same situation
watching over a beloved daughter -- And at
that very moment perhaps over poor Anna
I felt very anxious about the dear girl &
not evidently just I could be sure her, as
she with me -- are your wet things &
attentions never to cease? Dear sister how
does your health bear this continual fatigue
with regard to Anna's situation, from your
disappointment it appears to me exactly the same
as it was five years ago. Dr. May, who
has attended her, said most decidedly she had
no disease & was not inertia & nothing
falls by divine power, but absolutely nothing
causes of her death attaches; it is one
which will I fear prove fatal -- Medical
Physical causes are combined & it is impossible
to restore her health, neither out giving activity
to her mind & subject to her afflictions --
after all that has passed, my only hope for
a restoration of health & happiness to my
dear Anna, is Religion. Could her heart &
mind be united & animated by this divine
Power, she might still be well & happy.
However hard Susan may have been, I must
not fear her peculiar disposition, has been
one cause of Anna's present misfortune --
it certainly transported her illness
The winter's climate
