2 Mr Tracy - who drives the carriage, supplies all deferentially
to be allowed. He possesses 2 ships, 2 guns of ordnance, but at
certain, bedsteads &c &c - in fact is my Marine Whel, as
well as coachman - So that I am a lady at large
with nothing in the world to do but sit at her company
& make wishes - I go in the kitchen for 5 or 6 minutes before
breakfast, since my orders put dinner then you see how
fast I spend my school. I arrange my side board & closet
in the dining room, which takes me quite 10 or 15 minutes, then
look out myself in my corner in the sitting room. I give my
little ones their lessons - a little sewing & a little reading, diversify
the morning - we have not had much company yet as
I do not intend visiting as many strangers as I did last week,
we shall not have so much - I do not think many
could stand such late hours, a constant company as
I have given since I am sure I cannot - indeed we have
too much for comic pleasure - Perfect to have many
of our enemies in a calm domestic manner -
seems a reading - Mrs Dyer is reading the Odyssey.
I am in most respects much pleased with her home
It will be her own fault, if she has not a full school
The two other schools in her place, have dwindled away
as yet she has but 12 scholars, but as most of them leave
privity or music, the sum is pretty large - It has all
been paid in advance - She will be obliged to take boarders.
I never wrote more like a teacher, & no school girl, ever found
a task more difficult - you will easily perceive my satisfaction
She had but waste no more paper - Come many a
fall it - you can give more pleasure - The sun
may on weeks write - as it looked out of the window -
come salvery - Dear sister, quite me seem, a sweet, kind
letter & that as I said quite break the shell.
Must have left me a little upon dear Mother to give you an account
of our appearance at the drawing room. I am quite sure you yesterday
little else in left me to say. I went without the least feeling of impertinence
Mr C. Society, hope the ice I felt quite at my ease. But I felt very much
impatient, the place has promised of the pleasure of the drawing room
has not realized. I do not however despair of being there at some future
time for it was the Principal drawing room which has been given. I am the
