I am informed you have so much encouragement for the Home
and I went the same morning I received your letter to which I had not written
and I will which refers to her beloved pupil. She was moved every
heart! The fate of which is as dear to her as that of a child. I spoke
her with perfect earnestness on all the different subject you suggest and
hope she will be cured. She assured me that she was horrified from an
inquiry that no difficulty would arise from Mr. that was correct in his
department, and that a great deal more had been said. The circumstances that
regard to furniture they have the same which they had in their office at
least the tea room part. She has furniture and a good piano since that
of her children she has already worn black and pays more attention to
prince and will be strenuously exhorted with regard to Mrs. D. she does
not think it would be attended with advantage and even any determination
toile she converse with Mrs. Stoner who is expected here in a few days.
What delightful will it give you my dear Margaret if you succeed in making
establishment for this interesting woman who has made such magnificent
actions for her family. It will stamp a permanent value on your civilisation
you will be glad by it you have not only given so much pleasure to
your friends but have provided for your nephew and he will aid establishment
of an amiable family and raised a school that may be a public blessing. Is not this going about among people? I understand
your feelings and sincerely hope that what is commenced under such
circumstances will be carried with complete success so that you may long
enjoy the fruits of your benevolent exertion and without daily anxiety
of God's will. My heart is tenderly touched by the way in which your
mother's story I hope the more you know her the more you will love her. I would
be more profitably to me than to know that God is pleased with her
that makes herself agreeable in the family to God & the gods. I am delighted
with the picture you draw of their affectionate arrangements and rejoice
to music I miss so much is pleasant to you and others and I am sure you
partake in it. I am so fond of you I should not have been so much
delighted with your return. I feel impatient for his return. To communicate
intelligence that I know will render him so happy. He will be glad
I know that L. is at last settled in the study of his favorite subject.
On Tuesday Mrs. Willy Boyd, with Susan were here they are bringing
home with their children as they think they have taken the sickness with
Susan was so important to me that I would permit them to return with her
and attend communion. I think it is a gratification to
gods to be together and therefore I had to refuse them their infant Sally Boyd
on the occasion of her birth. I am glad to hear that Susan looks better but they have
me a new source of alarm they informed that her mother is getting a white
swelling in her knee this is a serious calamity. I mention it to do it might
better to her return they are all happy in being again united.
I have not heard either from Mr. or Mrs. Robinson during the last
visit. There is a new arrangement of the train that has been made
for express. The new road has got into Philadelphia in 18 minutes
crowded. You can not but wonder where all the people are going to.
I had a good deal of company last week and talked out several
times myself the first though I have made at visiting twice you
left me. Mrs. Manuel & Hannah Black spent a day with me & charged
me to remember them to Henry they were both well & very helpful.
You were so good to write twice last week that I feel as if
I had actually been with you. I can not hope for many repetitions
from you but I shall every day be looking for another from
here having three correspondents I hope I shall be kept well
informed.
All yours for services.
I with I could answer your kind inquiries respecting my poor
family in a more satisfactory manner her last letter is very sad. She
has been ill for several days and her unhappy fate is still afflicting
her with griefs. It is wonderful it seems as if the was a mark at which
all the horrors of misfortune were directed. How far this is the effect of
her own peculiar character which shapes its own wound and points
itself the dart I cannot determine. But this does not change the
mystery of her condition nor make her less an object of tender commiseration.
How far her reason holds its seat I know not. That it is at times
unsettled I am too well convinced. To my dear Margaret I must
look forward yet alas I can do nothing. She was equally miserable
when with me it was not in my power to shield her from pain. The only one
