to please them. Were it any one else I should fear the trouble
would weary and disgust, but I know your indefatigable benevolence
and that you find your own happiness in that of others and that in
promoting schemes of enjoyment for them you ensure your own gratification. Yet really with such a family as you have I know not how you
accomplish so much business for other people, how inactive and useless in the comparison? I think for my own interest and with your
confidence in me some portion of your superabundance of cordial and enterprising kind as Johnson nicely observes the faults of except are easily left
away but who can supply the faultless of deficiency? It is this one
of myself that has always disheartened me. A lamentable soil may produce
quite useless and require the privation hard of cultivation but it will
repay the labour with a generous harvest the sterile sand deserves
not rewards not the pains of culture. I often times feel the deprivation of
the selfless servant to have the single talent my bitter judgment and some
of holy respect the impartial thought and I desire to meet the fertile
bowels bestowed and strive to animate my soul to devote my diligence
and do all the good I can as I have opportunity. Enough of myself.
I hope you will be rewarded for your exertions for our son legislators
and that he will do credit to your recommendation. I am very much
rejoiced that he is an acceptable inmate at Mr. B's and has succeeded in
pleasing Mrs B. and the children. This is very essential to his domestic comfort
and still more that he is as affectionate at his studies. I hope he is also
diligent in the office. Does he give satisfaction to Mr B. is he any way
adequate to the duties required of him? I hope Mr B's deliberation will
not prevent him from speaking plainly to him should there be
occasion. and if both exhibiting and debating when necessary. He must
remember how young he is and how much his character is injured.
— Mrs Stone is thus far on her way to U. and will probably leave
you this. I have merely seen her and have had but little conversation
with her. I must sincerely hope that she may succeed for her own
comfort and also for the benefit of your children. His Excellency
to give them every advantage especially at the right season. She is the
truly mistress of all the things the governor possesses. of the honors how to
communicate instruction and to employ her faculties with wisdom of excellence
there are the essential things which can only be proved by experiment.
I wish Mary could command time to take lessons but this is out
of the question.
— Sally B. is now in D. but I have intended to return on
Friday and immediately proceed to Princeton. This is a disappointment to me as
I intended to pass a few days with us on her return. I hope her will
be pleasant and remove every obstacle of former intercourse. She will not
be gone to the best advantage as she has difficulties with her servants and
other long required or much of her attention. This attention is interesting to
mother as seldom or to a mistress. However Sally has good sense and can
make suitable allowances. After Princeton leave us our little party in
contract to its own domestic circle and I shall make my arrangements for
it even as Dean. That we may again resume our course of reading and other
studies. I shall feel Mary's absence more than ever as we enter eleven months
but still she will contribute to the pleasure of your daughter and to my
mother's satisfaction. I shall miss her more than ever as she will contribute
to the pleasure of your daughter and to my mother's satisfaction. I shall
miss her more than ever as she will contribute to the pleasure of your
<
