appointments. This completed our alienation
from and before them, his private business
kept him abroad all day, his able steward
received him in the evening & we seldom
met. Now one more intensely separated,
2 or instinctively shunned, as I formerly
had sought every moment of union.
My longs leave, more than ever became my idol
I got left a void, anarchy reigned in my heart
& impatience was wanting. The mind too, affected
its desire & felt the want of exercise &
entertainment which the nearest nursing could
not give. Thus, this a matter, I was weary, weary
& unhappy -- a thing I could not have believed
had any one told me so. [After two months entire leave]
relinquished my position in my memory
[past] that the social instinct revived -- The
frontiers, which at most, feature of modernity
probably more gradually are abated by habit,
practise, it is, that habit should thus destroy
the human sense & ardour of enjoyment
but it is & I believe ever more & more in
her provisions, fits the means to the
purposes designed. My mind languished, for inter
course with other minds -- Better, friend or
enemy, I did not satisfy the deficiency.
The little came, which during this month, had been
all sufficient to engage my attention & occupy my time
had now become familiar & monotonous,
they succeeded each other with unvaried regularity
I felt a craving appetite for variety.
This desire was now grown to definitively healthily
that it no longer could be that intense anxiety
that at first felt, which alone anxiety had at
attention perpetually enslave. To that end I
am certain it was only my exertions not my time
which were expended & thus left vacancy in
my head, which enabled the desire for society
which I have acknowledged, -- I not armed
then into the world, engaged in its interests
& participated in its arrangements. During
my absence I had neglected much -- had neglected
the forcibles of human nature & ever armed
at the conclusion, that as it was not in our
own power to form ourselves, that it be true
or not to love, therefore, was a thing
