her cabin was in every respect better than
that of other slaves & situation nearer to
the mansion house, than any other. Her freedom
had been given to her, long before the laws
of Pennsylvania were required, if but such
was her attachment to my mother. That she
continued to live 2 days for service.
[I now hear at the Washington Hotel a delightful account of
part of her new journey's march, as she called Clara in the name above
mentioned; 2. It was one of Clara's greatest pleasures to add to the old woman's comfort.
3. All of every Sabbath day she finished up her cabin, reading to her from the scriptures
proving by name & teaching the young blacks children of the farm to night's work, now
no longer slaves in this highly developed, where slavery is an abomination.
4. Clara understood that on mere terms left by her father's death, without
his home or support, but that afforded by her grand parents, a new & strong mature
to industry, was added to their affection.
She was jealous & unmitigating in the discharge of her domestic duties at the same time her
natural taste & anxiety to please me, made her equally aptitudes in cultivating her mind & ornamenting
talents. Such vigorous occupations, left her not an idle moment. She was always busy
& as a consequence, always happy. It is a truth, which however experienced only can
bring to connection home to us, that employment is absolutely necessary to improvement.
The cent any human is generally believed and emulated is served not solely for the distraction of
conform, but for the license it incurs to license, which the affluent too often find a
breeder & spits regrets that taxation rates or examinations of life, which in the army
to which is so often complained of under the more fashionable word Tenure. Two
entirely principles are ever at war within us, liberty & independence. The latter principle is
our most helpless, craving, seeking for objects & emplacements to its attachment of which,
prudence, of how to distinguish & powerful resistance to liberty is
