Magnanimity
Pompey, resolved to shun the Numeronians
for attempting to subject his enemies, when the orator
Thraso's told him he would eat augustly of the profits of
the guilty & furnish the innocent. Pompey asked him
who was the guilty person, he answered "I am the man,
Thraso's died my friends & compelled my enemies to take
the measures they did." Pompey delighted with his
friend's confession & noble spirit, forgave him to
all the people of Thraso.
Cornelia Pompeii's wife
This woman had many charms besides her beauty
She was well armed in polite literature; she played
upon the lyre & understood geometry, & she had
made considerable improvements by the forcible
of subterfuge. What so more, she had nothing of
that petulance & affectation which such studies are
apt to produce in women of her age. She was
not over 122 years old & continued conduct.
The courage which adds dignity
to every act of nothing but becomes it.
When Sulla de came, a republic was lost & Rome
he carried on Pompeii's restoration. His wife Cornelia
the daughter of Caesar, one of the bold generals of an ins
urgent defense from the siege of Brutus
& consorted her to Pompey.
Polk's hints for the Army of
an Author
to some extent the Bayld enter plan
there are some articles which no man would
take from the army of Genl. Lee. They are
the bags of horses, a lot of disorganized Cts
Glad to be rid of them to be forgotten.
Johnson
Pompey to a man of feeling
Nothing in severity or in is done
by its execution more to our enemy's account. Altho
"To us who have long been sure the manly force
will defeat & maintain reconstruction of the Union, it is a matter
of necessity to secure the defense of all which Johnson
brings forward into public notice, which do we not continue to ask
to secure it to be the man for the nation & with what humanity he
often to allow the frontier to alter any articles of policy. It has
been generally said that former United States Republicans
she could not purchase of the Democrats absolute in the following
lines of conduct will not purchase of the Democrats
that firmness, frankness, courage & the brave
and every publick necessity
The opposition of his party must be
