beyond our own control, independent
of certain qualities, a recent
attraction which the felt cannot be
defied, which under convenient disposition
and that therefore, I might decline, I
might not to blame my husband for not
loving me, or his children. If nature had
devised him three afflictions, he was more
to be pitied than condemned. My recourses
such as these, I subdued my angry and indignant
feelings & endeavored to look upon him
with perfect indifference -- "I am not to
commit, make myself responsible to his
prince, all endeavors have been tried
whilst, let me therefore endeavor to render
my own happiness independent of him, for
why should I devote my constitution, for an
unattainable good? I will not use even
all my energies. I will free myself from
the police to be all inefficient for myself"
From watching my babe in agony
in my room & drawing it in turn, I
received "several part payments
of necessity
for
the
moment proved how vain my new
philosophy -- self sufficient? did never
do anyone prove a being more dependent
on love & sympathy than the former, for
forty years. But at the moment I received
myself I encountered a new source of
life, independent of the influence of my
husband. For a while my heart felt
light from death's door I rushed into
the gay world, with the wholesome
feelings of a bird escaped from its cage,
I cavilled as I flew through its ward
circles, I came for nobody, no one I
serve nobody serve for me.
But how often, from tragedy &
brilliant scenes, to my silent & solitary
marriage, my babe & the nurse asleep,
be one to greet my return with a
glad smile, & a kind look, have I ever
seriously felt that this immobility
this indifference was unattainable,
by my imagination have her pictures
of
the
moment proved how vain my new
philosophy.-- Self sufficient? did never
do anyone prove a being more dependent
on love & sympathy, than the former, for
forty years. But at the moment I received
myself, I encountered a new source of
life, independent of the influence of my
husband. I rushed into the gay world,
with the wholesome feelings of a bird
escaped from its cage, I cavilled as I
flew through its ward circles, I came
for nobody, no one I served nobody
serve for me.
But how often, from tragedy &
brilliant scenes, to my solitary
marriage, my babe & the nurse asleep,
be one to greet my returning with a
glad smile, & a kind look, have I ever
sersciously felt that this immobility
this indifference was unattainable,
by my imagination have her
pictures of the moment proved how
vain my new philosophy.
