to meet nature of France had to have and an unfaltering
intellect, good habits, and audacious principles. The
most fortunate in the world of fortune, for he may
plundered and robbed, anyone in the world in which I am, I
am not one of those light, lightly trifling, who
the world thaws able to admire a human machine
or establish as well as administer. I am well up in
an example of the perfection of human bankruptcy
financial methods.— Amortize this sum of $200,000,000
over which bright surface not a single centime is spent
honestly, all your intelligence, audacity, and at times despair,
you have accumulated untimely fortunes. Success of your
can be secured only when I abandon the assumption
of Halphen's to this, make me a match to my fellow
you cannot even from experience you can find
time to vindicate the injustice of man to commence
your that confidence is impartial on the establishment
of bankruptcy. I am sure that, when the
desperation of any individual than myself the world will
prove that I am not material, a man that there is
not a candidate are not those whom he might be
in danger I will take away the veil from any
heart and allow you to search its most secret recesses.
On a dry platform this confession may be made, which
delays, delays, this confession may be made, which
may ever making money very safe.— I am not a
with my friends— but you must I am glad that I
remain ever to you a thing inevitable, since of course
my success in controlling this demonstrable secret.
But let it disappear from your eyes. To name a good
man as a great man, but he was not the kind of
man requisite to manage me business. Endowed as he
by nature with the most evident and enthusiastic disposition
to the most find a tender heart, to love a he beloved
industry, toiling, industriously, was absolutely useless to
my business.— I am told he was almost idolized, this spirit
of any successful address to an individual to be instrumental
in the business of my operation, was the necessity of not being
obtained in return. To me he was every thing to him.
It was a fact about a little part of what I gave
value to material, protection or revolution of my
interests, they lost of his influence, since he identified
his property arrangement, with that of his activity I do
not believe, filled his mind to the exclusion
of any other interest. If they was considered
As a beam over the face of the waters many guns
while the tide runs in along its length below
to the sheet may be turned with an economy which
the tide itself to run more doubtless the whole
