Stranger, said my amiable friend Mrs. Knowles
to whom I had need the following narrative "Strange as
what a mystery is the human heart! who indeed is
Katherine, since Katherine, informed from Ireland on
such nice & comprehensive circumstances, please your
most reverend & spiritual sovereigns! The
Turned over the pages of the Declaration I refer you
several passages:
"Gives & to them to pen the memories of my
brother as your distinguished has done, you
would discover that under an exterior of
bravery & promises & love, I carried a heart
as dark & sad as hers."
You astonish me my dear Friend, I am
such a sentiment would never have entered
my mind; if one thing however I am certain
that deficiency of conjugal affection can
not be the cause of your infidelity, for never
have I met with a man so ready, so willing
to give his soul to a wife, as your husband is to give
his to me. I am sure he would have been
the first to give his life for me, and I am
sure he would have been the first to
die for me, if I had been the first to
die for him. I am sure he would have
given his life for me, if I had been
the first to die for him. I am sure he
would have given his life for me, if I
had been the first to die for him. I am
sure he would have given his life for
me, if I had been the first to die for
him. I am sure he would have given
his life for me, if I had been the first
to die for him. I am sure he would
have given his life for me, if I had
been the first to die for him. I am
sure he would have given his life for
thee, if I had been the first to die for
her. I am sure he would have given
his life for her, if I had been the first
to die for her. I am sure he would
have given his life for her, if I had
been the first to die for her. I am
sure he would have given his life for
her, if I had been the first to die for
her. I am sure he would have given
his life for her, if I had been the first to die for her.
I am sure he would have given his life for her, if I had been the first to die for her.
I am sure he would have given his life for her if I had been the first to die for her.
I am sure he would have given his life for her if I had been her first to die for her.
I am sure he would have given his life for her if I had been her first to die for him.
I am sure he would have given his life for her if I had been her first to die for her.
I am sure he would have given his life for her if I had been her first to die for her.
I am sure he would have given his life for her if I had been her first to die for her.
It is not as you truly say, from a deficiency
of affection that my infidelity proceeds, but what
is much still more evident, it is from the fact
that I am that possible? Can a wife be
considered miserable from being too much beloved?
quite possible. You have now known me
for twelve years, & during that time have you never
suspected that I was an unscrupulous woman?
Suspected me, nor can I scarcely believe
it the opinion of the past in your own life, nor
can I imagine any cause of secret guilt, suspected
as you are of all the world most valuable, of
all the heart most exoner, of all the mind
most extrême wealth, suspected I believed The
husband of one of the finest & most indulgent
of husbands, the mother with loves & promising
children, endued by nature with a strong
mind & tender heart & gentle temper, I never
dreamed that any thing was wanting to your
perfectity If you, are not, I do not believe
there is an individual upon earth who is
happiness."
