persons, without receiving it from any superior external
influence, or independently following as it is absurd to suppose the
will would come into existence that it actually must continue forever. But further, as the will is evidently a principle, un-
compromised substance, without any definable portion or
heterogeneous mixture, it cannot therefore be divided,
consequently it cannot perish. I might add, that the
facility and expedition with which youth are taught
to acquire numerals, very difficult arts, is a strong presumption that the will possesses a considerable portion of
knowledge, before it enters into the human form, and
that what remains to be acquired from instruction is, in fact,
no other than a reminiscence, or recollection, of its
former ideas. This at least is the opinion of Plato.
Kant, then, likewise, represents the elder Emps as his
last moments, expressing his belief in the soul immutability in the following terms:
"My sons, do not imagine when death shall have opened me from you, yet you concluded that I had one,
from the actions you now perform, nor the same
when you shall see me no more. If the evils of departed
persons did not watch over and guard over my roving fancy,
the reason of their alterations actions would soon be worn
out of the memory of men. For my own part, I never could
be persuaded that the soul could properly be said to live
whilst it remained in the mortal body, at that it seemed
to live when death had disposed the vital motion. I never
could believe, either that it became one of strength and
strength escaped from connection with our self matter,
or that its intellectual powers were not enlarged and improved when it was discharged and refract from all corporal admixture. When death has dispossessed the human
form, we clearly see what becomes of its material parts,
as they appear by return to the several elements out of
which they were originally composed; but the soul continues
to remain inviolable, both when she is present in the body
and when she departs out of it. Nothing is nearly so
absolutely true, and nothing so strongly intimates the divinity
of the soul, as what passes in the mind upon that occasion.
In the intellectual principle in man, during the state
of existence and freedom from external impressions, perfectly looks forward into futurity, and secure events on
time has yet brought them forth, a plain indication this,
that the powers of the soul well lie after him, when she shall
