passes in old age, unless they are suffered to lose their
memory and become languid for want of fresh cultivation.
And the truth of this proposition may be confirmed not
only by these examples I have mentioned from the most
ancient and enlightened stations of the world, but from instances
equally fragmentary to be met with in the paths of
scholars and retired life. Philosophy contained in certain
fragments of the ancient age to meet tragedies.
— Age is so far from being now found by a state
of languor and inertia, that it generally continues to
exist itself as that sort of competition which was the
favorite object of its pursuits in more vigorous years. Swift says,
that in stories might be produced of men, whose this part
of life have successfully applied themselves even to the
acquisition of some art or science, to which they were
before entirely strangers. This Solon is one of his poems
written when he was advanced in years, proves that he
loved nothing more than to play music, and old age
was a blessing to him because it gave him an opportunity of
playing upon the lyre, an art which the ancient did not esteem
and which the moderns have not yet discovered.
— Age is not found in the fine of youth connected
therein with the quality of age, but in youth placed when
it comes the tribulation of age somewhat interwoven with the
virtuosity of youth, and whenever under these two qualities in his
character, many years indeed, the number of years in his body,
but well-nigher discover the same cause in his mind.
— Tell me, can the gay amusements of the theater,
the splendid engines of the table, in the self-devoted minute
of the master's capacity, their returns with enjoyment, that any
fairly stand in competition with the calm delights of the
intellectual pleasure of learning which we must nightly
formed, and in which of our lives, never fail to be found
and better than the youth years. What Solon therefore declares
in the verse I just now quoted, that he leaves something in his
old age every day he liveth, is much to his honor, as indeed it
is continually advancing in the path of knowledge is one of
the most pleasing satisfactions of the human mind.
From the pleasures which attend a studious age, do we
turn our view to those which at that season of life may be
received from country occupations, of which I profess myself
a warm admirer. These are pleasures happily consistent with
the morality of their application.
