lethargy, -int, cold & helplessness, hope seemed one
of the most intense emotions of my life. I felt myself
morbidly let me take them without
congratulation on my restoration to
a life which was a burden, an almost
intolerable burden to me. Even my
child had lost its power over my affection,
my heart was unwarmed - unwarmed
in thus the only source of happiness
which I possessed was now closed by
this fatal cause - another sad effect of
neglect & unorganized feeling.
During the period of helplessness I was so
inattentive, incapable of distinguishing
the labour of a mother, that my husband
as I then thought, cruelly, but not now think
most pathetically cruel in sending our daughter
to a boarding school. I murmured, but
I submitted, I sunk into a still deeper
state of despondency - There is no
strong analogy between natural or
moral things & when I looked on
the river swollen by the storm, dark &
particulated, rushing & furiously along, overthrew
my 2 cargoes of the banks where it had
bettered pitched. I compared it to my
own heart, and when the waters had
subsided & it floated gently along clean
& transparent, when the enemy's cannon
repeated, "Beaten & pitched to the ground"
the analogy held throughout the whole
period of long, painful return to this world
again, that Hope & joy ever thorn again.
In the analogy of the ship, I found
with its benefit influenced, reduced
at least, tranquility. They reduction from
health & any language & communication to
the effects of deathly. But I was not
long allowed this state of repose.
My husband had entered the service of
the United States navy, to move, under
the direction of Commodore Slocum, to
the harbor of New York, where he was
to remain for a few months, and then
to proceed to the West Indies.
It was not long before I heard of his
death, and I have since heard of his
grave, and of the burial of his body.
It is not my intention to enter into
the details of his death, or of the
circumstances which led to it. I only
wish to state that he was killed by
the explosion of a gun, which had
been fired by him, and which had
exploded in the gun-room of the ship.
It was a very small gun, and the
explosion was confined to that gun,
but it was a very destructive explosion.
It killed him instantly, and left his
body in a most frightful condition.
It is not my intention to enter into
the details of his death, or of the circumstances which led to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of a gun, which had been fired by him, and which had exploded in the gun-room of the ship.
It was a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion.
It killed him instantly, and left his body in a most frightful condition.
It is not my intention to enter into the details of his death, or of the circumstances which led to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of a gun, which
had been fired by him, and which had exploded in the gun-room of the ship.
It was a very small gun, and
the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion.
It killed him instantly, and left his body in
a most frightful condition.
It is not my intention to enter into the details of his death, or of the circumstances which led
to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of a gun, which had been fired by him, and which had exploded in the
gun-room of the ship.
It was a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was a
very destructive explosion.
It killed him instantly, and left his body in a most frightful condition.
But I am not going to enter into the details of his death, or of the circumstances which led to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of
a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion. It killed him instantly, and left his body in a most frightful condition.
But I am not going to enter into the details
of his death, or of the circumstances which led to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion. It killed him instantly, and left his body in
a most frightful condition.
But I am not going to enter into the details of his death, or of the circumstances which led
to it. I only wish to state that
he was killed by the explosion of a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion. It killed him
instantly, and left his body in a most frightful condition.
But I am not going to enter into the details of his death or of the circumstances which led to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of a very small gun, and the explosion was
confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion. It killed him instantly, and left his body in a most frightful condition.
But I am not going to enter into the details of his death or of the circumstances which led to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by
the explosion of a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion. It killed him instantly, and left
his body in a most frightful condition.
But I am not going to enter into the details of his death or of the circumstances which led to
it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was
a very destructive explosion. It killed him instantly, and left his body in a most frightful condition.
But I am not going to enter into
the details of his death or of the circumstances which led to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of a very small gun, which
had been fired by him, and which had exploded in the gun-room of the ship. It was a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion. It killed him instantly, and left his body
in a most frightful condition.
But I am not going to enter into the details of his death or of the circumstances which led to it. If only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of a very small gun, which had been fired by him, and which had exploded in the gun-room of the ship. It was a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that
gun, but it was a very destructive explosion. It killed him instantly, and left his body in a most frightful condition.
But I am going to enter into the details of his death or of the circumstances which led to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of
a very small
gun, which had been fired by him, and which had exploded in the gun-room of the ship. It was a very small gun, and the explosion was
confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion. It
killed him instantly, and left his body in a most frightful condition.
But I am going to enter into the details of his death or of
the circumstances which led to it. I only wish to state that he was killed by the explosion of a very small gun, which had been fired by him, and which had exploded in the gun-
room of the ship. It was a very small gun, and the explosion was confined to that gun, but it was a very destructive explosion. It killed him
[continues on next page]
