April, 1827
What a glorious display, saw the spring this year
exhibit of the charms of nature -- however I remain
for a season more prodigal for vegetation or
improvement. March was uncommonly gentle &
warm. He violent equinoial storm & no severe
pest. On the first of this month the fruit trees
were coming into bloom & by the 9th pear
shores, pears & even apples were in bloom.
The lilacs too & never did I ever see a
profusion of bloom. The hyacinths are now past
& tulips & hawthorn flowers grow in a great variety of
other flowers now enrich the borders. The forest
trees too are budding fast -- in a few more days
the foliage will be fully extended. The weather
is uncomparably delightful -- we sit with open
windows at our windows on the 11th
We who can but glory in and when all the
fortune is so gay! Yet when I gaze on the
beautiful scenery around me, my heart is sad
for I think of the dear, friends who once
enjoyed this season with me. Think of the enthusiastic
joy which we contemplated between & walked
out of either into the green fields & out into their
houses --
excessive. (Diary of an Engineer)
Tenible & elevated minds never commune
closely with themselves than in those places of
public resort, in which the law & religion surrender
their claims to devotion & conscience become useless
of reflection & blindly refer themselves to be
overwhelmed by the surrounding torrent of folly & distraction --
Lemmerman
Ospe says, he never laid his head upon
his fellow, without acknowledging the most impotent
loyalty to it, to leave the act of being hospitable
within ourselves.
One single day spent in literary leisure at
home, affords they mind more real pleasure
than all the world of fashionable entertainment
can content. Liberty is
The fear of being alone is no longer felt
alone. The mind has regained the power of employing
itself in some agreeable study -- the human may
be deceived by adopting a regular course of reading
from which cannot be extracted without producing
a detrimental effect, particularly if well calculated
to
