all the sensible loss of numbers of life, and the most
decreased general attention of the Union army.
It was long before I returned to this conviction.
During the first months of our occupation, Louisville
is almost constantly absent from home, as Kentucky
is surrounded, told to distant men, and, to the
impenetrable walls of this public city a soldier, when
the occasion has passed, and thought of returning, comes
naturally round to me. — But months after months
passed brought no change — when in society I was
the general of the army, but when left to myself I
was alone interested in the progress of that social
life, human can pass but few hours of the day in
society and often in the intervals of social amusement,
where mobile prejudice, ambition, or occupation
kidnaps as closely round me every hour of the
hours, when left as I was left, without a domestic
companion, both what society did I not his mother,
with what a fond affection I loved him when he came — but he betrayed not the slightest
reproof, nor any other evidence of his past
conscience, and reduced not the little preparations
expectation had made for his minute reception
that more attention was bestowed by higher and other objects.
God had given him a strong, clear, comprehensive mind.
— capable of intelligence, a pure and refined taste — but
left to the sole consideration with out heart — and thus
cut him off from all the pleasantest means from
all the sympathies which his kindred & presence offered
here. — The love, most loving, even my heart — affectionate, most affectionate among men — that love, which
not only sympathized, fell back upon my heart & crowded
it to its utmost corner. All that woman could do,
to 110, to execute independently or in assistance to another
but all failed. A wife which had for a long period
intended me, even then, never meant to abandon
me when kind nature required the enthralling company
of some more esteemed one. I looked home.
Oh! madam! in a transport — how like a mother,
heaped like a father, in paternal affection, with pure
and unprepossessing kind of sympathy, which she
