"In that I agree with you,
Man never is, but always to be blest
but believe it is not in this life, that he is to
be so. As such might you believe that that tender
supernumer would bloom & flourish amid the
folly of men, as hope that man should be
happy upon earth. This is not our natural
man climate, we are but transplanted things
& shall depart & languish until restored to
our native soil. I have a theory of my own on
this subject & the not drawn from any official
declarations, yet I hope, not at variance with
divine revelation. I believe this life to be a
scene of trials, of penitency, now of punishment
for offences committed in another state of being.
The divinity of the human soul is so apparent, its
operations after something higher & better than
this world can give -- its usefulness & activity
in its perfection with its Creator attains to its
longing & craving for some for some unpolluted
good, & its disputation, with when possession
is obtained, harmonious, pleasant to one. That
this world not belongs our home, but that we
are in a state of punishment -- & it punishment
of punishment -- for the figurative language of
Scripture, the angel's name played with a just title
of sinew -- and is not the passion of human nature
a guilt of fine? -- Rebel man is accustomed
of Paradise, to selfish life to earn & labour
and are not even the joy of life, full of
fruits -- The animal body, in which the divine
spirit is enshrined, is I imagine the only seat
that is merited in scripture. Compare all the
riches a man to which flesh is heir to, & adds to
them the craving & unsatisfied desires, the tormenting
desires of sin, whereon the inheritance of flesh
I can a divine spirit, suffer greater punishment
than be imprisoned in meta a body, & subjected
to appetites & passions. -- Is order not there, that
the soul cannot be happy, while thus imprisoned,
although its prison may be full with gold, &
decorated with flowers?
"But my dear Miss Howard, this earth
is so beautiful -- and life has so many joys
that I cannot think it or consider a place
of punishment for the Soul."
"If of more thoroughness, why do not its
