4
charged with some responsibility for monetary control in the public interest? As
a first approach to this question, it is natural to ask ourselves whether there is
not some orthodox answer which can be drawn from the accepted theory and the
historical experience of central banking. If there were such an answer, it might
greatly lessen the difficulty, at least of deciding what we ought to do, even if
it did not dispose of the questions of expediency. Unfortunately, there appears
to be no such answer. Modern central banking is too young and has developed under
circumstances too rapidly changing and abnormal to provide us with any clear and
sure light to guide our steps in times like these. Before the war, for example,
perhaps the only clear and generally accepted rule of central banking was that the
discount rate should be raised upon the occasion of gold outflow; and yet it now
seems, as we review that period in retrospect, that when we applied this rule, when
England went off gold in September, 1931, and gold began to leave the United States
in huge amounts, the rate increase probably served more to add to the deflationary
movement of succeeding months than to check the gold outflow. As to a proper
central banking policy with respect to excess reserves, the historical record tells
us nothing. But it may have been regarded as orthodox, or at least prudent, in
January, 1933, when excess reserves were about $600,000,000, to sell securities in
order to prevent any further increase of excess reserves, even though as events
proved we were on the eve of the banking crisis, which was to force us into renewed
open market purchases. These decisions, for which the Reserve System has been
criticized, do not of course throw any light on our present problem, but they do
show perhaps that in such extraordinary times as these, there are no such clear
and definite rules of procedure for central banks as the term orthodoxy may imply.
It might, nevertheless, seem worth while to attempt an answer
to our present problem from the previous experiences and practices of foreign
central banks which have been faced with the duty of controlling an inflation.
