6
The question of policy must therefore turn in the final analysis upon a
carefully considered view of the existing economic situation and its prospects.
It becomes a question of weighing the dangers inherent in our present course against
the possibility of a successful outcome. Reviewing the events of the past two
years, we do not find the picture wholly black. A certain amount of progress has
been made. For the world as a whole, the depression reached its bottom in the
summer of 1932, and even for this country the banking crisis in early 1933 did not
push production any lower than it had been the preceding summer. Since March, 1933,
we have pursued a highly erratic course of ups and downs, but each succeeding re-
cession has been somewhat less than the preceding. Since last summer the course of
business has been upward.
Perhaps the greatest single change in the last two years has been the im-
provement in the economic position of agriculture. Agricultural prices have risen
markedly, and the 1909-13 relation of agricultural prices to industrial prices,
which appeared during the first year of this Administration to be the principal
goal of policy, has been achieved. Though some of the means employed have been
artificial and there is no certainty of the continuance of this balance of agricul-
tural and industrial prices, we have reason to feel that its achievement may have
introduced a new element of political stability and to some extent have freed the
hands of the Administration to deal with the industrial problem.
Another major change has a bearing on the outlook for the capital goods
industries, which are the real seat of the depression. It is becoming apparent
that the long lapse of time is taking its toll increasingly of equipment in use
through the process of wearout and obsolescence, even though many obstacles remain
to be removed. Reports for recent months from the machine tool industry, often an
important forerunner of industrial recovery, indicate the most active year since
1930. Both the railroads and the utilities appear to have reached the point of
