9
A second question requiring careful consideration would be as to the time
and the nature of our action. If we should decide upon a reversal of our policy,
we ought to choose our ground carefully so that our motives could be easily under-
stood and, in so far as is practicable, publicly justified. The action should be
taken at a time and in a manner which would indicate as clearly as possible that
the dangers of the present course are becoming greater, while the prospects for a
favorable outcome have been lessened. It would seem much more justifiable under
present conditions to refuse a request to buy more government securities than to
begin a policy of selling. Still more clearly, if the government should at some
future stage endeavor to borrow directly from the Reserve banks, there might then
be every reason for resisting. Without waiting for either of these events, if we
could be sure that the present situation can have no other outcome than a destruc-
tive inflation, it might then be our duty to reverse our policy. But is it possible
to be sure of this at the present time, when there is yet no actual evidence of
inflation but on the contrary a general agreement that we need more activity both
of credit and of business? A reversal of our policy at the present time would
appear to rest upon more certainty of the future dangers in our situation than is
yet warranted and to under-emphasize its more constructive and encouraging aspects.
Assuming, therefore, that it is the carefully considered view of this
Board, on the basis of its analysis of the situation as set forth in this memoran-
dum, that the Federal Reserve System ought not, at present, to make any major
change in its credit policy, we may ask ourselves whether there is any lesser, in-
termediate action which should be taken with respect to its government security
account. In our recent discussions, it has been frequently pointed out that it is
desirable to introduce some measure of flexibility into this security account. In
