[(5) To make loans with maturities not exceeding two years
to its members for provident or productive purposes upon such
terms and conditions as this Act and the bylaws provide and as
the credit committee may approve, at rates of interest not ex-
ceeding 1 per centum per month on unpaid balances (inclusive of
all charges incident to making the loan): Provided, That no loans
to a director, officer, or member of a committee shall exceed the
amount of his holdings in the Federal credit union as represented
by shares thereof...."
[(6) To receive from its members payments on shares.]
[(7) To invest its funds (a) in loans exclusively to mem-
bers; (b) in obligations of the United States of America, or
securities fully guaranteed as to principal and interest thereby.]
[(9) To borrow (from any source) in an aggregate amount
not exceeding 50 per centum of its paid-in and unimpaired capital
and surplus..."]
Invitation
The undersigned organization committee, which also composes the
charter membership, hereby extends an invitation to all members, offi-
cers and employees of the Federal Reserve Board, who may be interested in
joining or in obtaining further information about the F. R. B. Federal
Credit Union to consult with one of the undersigned as soon as possible.
The first meeting of the F. R. B. Federal Credit Union is to be held Thurs-
day, May 16, 1935, at 4:45 P.M., in Room 656, Shoreham Building. All who
desire to become members are urged to fill out the attached application for
membership and present it, in person or by proxy, at the meeting, or hand
it to one of the undersigned before the meeting.
The original board of directors, credit committee, and supervisory
committee of the F. R. B. Federal Credit Union must, under the bylaws pre-
scribed for Federal credit unions by the Governor of the Farm Credit Ad-
ministration, be elected by the undersigned group. This group, however, is
desirous of receiving an expression from all prospective members in regard
to its proposed candidates for these offices, and, for this reason, there
is attached a ballot with the names of certain nominees for the offices to
be filled. It will be noted that additional names may be written in and
that at the meeting there will be further opportunity to make nominations
from the floor. Each person applying for membership is invited to cast
his ballot at the meeting, in person or by proxy.
Respectfully submitted,
Organization Committee.
Jewell Barnett (Bank Operations)
Room 322, Shoreham Building
H. C. Barton, Jr. (Research and Statistics)
Room 306, Shoreham Building
(Continued on next page)
