To: All members, officers, and
employees of the Federal
Reserve Board.
May 11, 1935.
Subject: Organization of F. R. B.
Federal Credit Union
Organization
The F. R. B. Federal Credit Union is a corporation organized pursuant
to the provisions of the Federal Credit Union Act, approved by the Presi-
dent on June 26, 1934.
The F. R. B. Federal Credit Union was organized under the auspices
of the Credit Union Section of the Farm Credit Administration by a group
of Federal Reserve Board employees appointed to serve as an organization
committee.
A Federal credit union is a cooperative association operating "for
the purpose of promoting thrift among its members and creating a source
of credit for provident or productive purposes." This is accomplished
by members accumulating their savings with the credit union and receiv-
ing loans. Thus, the credit union is a form of mutual savings associa-
tion.
A memorandum was submitted to individual members of the Federal Re-
serve Board on March 5, 1935, in regard to the proposed organization of
this credit union and none of them offered any objection to its formation.
Membership
Membership in the F. R. B. Federal Credit Union is limited to mem-
bers, officers, and employees of the Federal Reserve Board and employees
of the Federal reserve banks permanently stationed in Washington.
A new member must pay an entrance fee of 25 cents and must agree to
subscribe for at least one $5 share, payable on subscription or in in-
stallments.
When a person has become a member, by payment of the entrance fee
and the first installment on one or more shares, and by being elected
to membership by the board of directors, he may then apply for a loan.
When a member has paid for one share he is eligible to his propor-
tional share of any annual dividend that may be declared.
Management and Operation
The business affairs of a Federal credit union are managed by a
board of directors, a credit committee, and a supervisory committee, all
of whom are elected by and from the members.
A loan without security may not exceed $50 and one with security
may not exceed $200 or 10 percent of the unimpaired capital of the credit
union whichever is greater.
Among the powers of a Federal credit union as enumerated in the
statute are the following:
VOLUME 261
PAGE 25
Sec No
