7
being in need of equipment if their political or financial difficulties can be
resolved. There are scattered evidences of a changing situation in real estate.
In various parts of the country pressure for rent reductions has relaxed, families
which had doubled up are seeking separate housing, vacancies have lessened.
On the whole, and recognizing frankly the extreme difficulty of analyzing
so tangled a situation as this, we feel that we would do better, in the absence of
any important change in the situation, to continue upon our present course of main-
taining existing aggregate holdings of government securities rather than to take
the alternative course, which carries with it the implication of a definite judgment
that our present policy cannot succeed. We ought, however, to recognize that
in order to succeed our policy, with respect to excess reserves, should be part of
a broader monetary policy, which in our view should be on some such lines as the
following:
1. The continuance of our present open market position.
2. The removal of mechanical obstacles to the opening of the
private capital market, such as the prohibition of under-
writing by banks and the undue severities of the
Securities Act.
3. The encouragement of all sound steps which will increase
the availability and reduce the cost of mortgage money.
4. The revival of confidence, which alone will free private
capital, by steps looking toward (a) international
monetary stabilization, and (b) a budget policy aimed
not at an immediate balance but at some fairly definite
schedule for tapering off extraordinary expenditures.
If this program could be adopted, we are satisfied that it would go far
toward hastening a general economic recovery. There would, of course, remain much
to be done. It is probable that in the sphere of the National Recovery Administration
many helpful changes are now going on underneath the surface; but in the
field of building construction there is a difficult problem of cost-price adjustments,
in the field of railroads there appears to be much need for financial reconstruction
as the necessary preliminary to railroad buying of equipment, and in
