the flat and polished ends of the metallic pieces. These five
keys (or six) will be played as a man plays a flat - who
must be familiar with the combination by which the notes
are made; you know how rapidly notes can be played.
This will do for the circuits; but how is each
circuit A, B, C, D, E to form its corresponding character? This
I come to explain. Instead of five wires to make the circuits
A, B, C, D, E in the lower or horizontal stratum paper
though the keys I suppose fifteen insulators among themselves
in the other case and each of such a bracelet that while
the revolving pin or rod is passing a dot shall be made by
the register (one of your dots I presume is about 1/5th of a character).
Number these wires, calling that wire 1 which the revolving
metallic pin or piece first strikes 9 that 15 which it last strikes
in one revolution. Now when the thumb key (A) is pressed
down let the wires 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 pass through all. The first will
give a dot the next three an interval of the following five a
line thus - - - - - - If the five fingers be pressed down let the wires
1, 2, 3, 4, 5 - 8, - 11 - 14 have a straight passage of the letters be
broken thus we have - - - - - or B3 etc. Now let fifteen
other wires form the second stratum, at such distance above
the lower that the parts of these circuits shall never form
circuit with the parts of the first. For the letter H in this
set of 15 we pass through say the 1st, 4th, 7th, 10th, 13th, 16th
wires - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The principle is plain and if you can persuade
that this is not brand new I shall think whether
some spirit does not mock me by suggesting second
hand ideas for my invention. However my first named plan
has certain points of novelty at least as a combination. My
opinion after all is that even that is entitled to careful con-
sideration under the modifications suggested herein.
The above is illustrated by the figure on the succeeding
page. This shows the section of a ring in the circumference of which,
are seen the ends of the 15 wires numbered 1, 2, 3, 8, which are
