the American Army had the advantage of the sun's rays acting upon it in the morning, and the
night in the evening. The American army was in the rear of the enemy's army, and was in no
position to attack it. The enemy's army was in the front of the American army, and was in
the position to attack it. The American army was in the rear of the enemy's army, and was in no
position to attack it. The American army was in the front of the enemy's army, and was in
the position to attack it. The American army was in the rear of the enemy's army, and was in no position to attack it. The American army was in the front of the enemy's army, and was in the position to attack it. The American army was in the rear of the enemy's army, and was in no position to attack it. The American
army was in the front of the enemy's army, and was in the position to attack it. The American army was in
the rear of the enemy's army, and was in no position to attack it. The American army was in the front of
the enemy's army, and was in the position to attack it. The American army was in the rear of the enemy's
army, and was in no position to attack it. The American army was in the front of the enemy's army,
and was in the position to attack it. The American army was in the rear of the enemy's army, (which was)
and was in no position to attack it. The American army was in the front of the enemy's army, (which was)
and was in the position to attack it. The American army was in the rear of the enemy’s army, (which was)
and was in no position to attack it. The American army was in the front of the enemy’s army, (which was)
and was in the position to attack it. The American army was in the rear of the enemy’s army, (which was)
and was in no position to attack it. The American army was in the front of the enemy’s army, (which was)
and was in the position to attack it. The American army was in the rear of the enemy’s army, (which
was) and was in no position to attack it. The American army was in the front of the enemy’s army, (which was)
(and was in the position to attack it.) The American army was in the rear of the enemy’s army, (which was)
(and was in no position to attack it.) The American army was in the front of the enemy’s army, (which was)
(and was in the position to attack it.) The American army was in the rear of the enemy’s army, (which was)
(and was in no position to attack it.) The American army was in the front of the enemy’s army, (which was)
