the transmitting station may be so proportioned as to break
circuit only for one tooth of the crown wheel to escape be-
fore the thick at e returns; but I may allow four or
six to pass while the line is in marking.
The above is brief but and omits many mi-
nor details, but is intelligible for all I wish now to con-
vey - it is the outline by principle of the method, or me
it seems certain in operation & also likely to increase the
capacity of the present Telegraph exceedingly - say from six
to ten times.
I entrust the above my dear Sir to your con-
fidence & candor. Until I shall have learnt your views
upon the thing I fully made up my own I do not wish
it to go beyond yourself in any thing which is original.
In the multitude of speculations I find as to which your in-
vention & discovery have given rise it would be strange if
there could not be found glimpses of some part of the
above. I hope, however, that it will be manifestly in a
practical sense new - if not in every conceivable sense.
Be so kind as to investigate the thing in its practical
merits as splendid as you can & write me your ideas. I
can hardly doubt, myself, the value of the improvement.
Leaving this subject I turn to that of the supplying
the Hudson. I yesterday expressed a general conviction that the
use of steel wire would not succeed. Let us see if I was
in error. I suppose the wire at its lowest point must be
as much as 70 feet above the river surface. Suppose this wire
porto in either thick 150 feet - allowing for sagging, thin the
oblique position & direction of the wire at the points of support
may be put (without going into mechanics) at 16 horizontal to one
vertical. Therefore the tension at each end will be about one
half the weight of the mile of wire multiplied by 16. Take
a single steel wire one inch in diameter or dry it
with 1000 square mils in section. Half a mile will weigh itself
out about 89 pounds which multiplied by 16 is 1424 pounds to
be carried by a wire 1 inch in thickness or at the rate of 142400 lbs to
