impracticable, and were abandoned, they, and others in the same category, are therefore
cannot claim the title of inventors
We proceed, however, to our immediate object that of giving a more detailed
account of the American Telegraph. The account we have in our journal, it appears
from the papers of the House of Representatives, published in 1837, is that of Congress his invention of 1836.
This invention is totally unlike that of Messrs. Cooke & Wheatstone whose telegraphic
invention was patented in 1837, & though Congress has in its journals
shown that they are independent inventors.
The American Telegraph is a two systems possessing the same end, could scarcely be more unlike
and yet both are in successful operation. We were not aware of how great an error
the Americans were making in their own system. It appears that a line for the
United States Government, between Baltimore & Washington, a distance
of 40 miles has been in operation for nearly two years; this was the experience
of the Government, and constructed at their expense under the Superintendence of its
inventor. A Report of the Superintendent to Congress dated Dec. 12. 1844 has
the following facts in relation to its operations. "By a reference to the
above extracts that the American Telegraph is an efficient invention; The games of Chess too antedate by some months
those played between Southampton & London, the document in which the account
of them is given having been published three months, before our games were played.
The number of characters given by the American Telegraph, per minute as stated in
this document is 30, but we have before us a strip of telegraphic paper, on
which are stamped 302 characters made in 5 minutes, which is at the rate of
more than 60 in a minute. One great and very important peculiarity
of the American Telegraph is that it records its messages. It is upon
spans for the Attendant to watch the instrument or even to lie in the loop.
Whether present or not, the instrument writes down on paper in legible &
intelligible characters, the communication sent. That this Telegraph
appreciated by the Americans, is evident from the extent to which it is progress,
maintained in the U. States. New York is approaching becoming the centre of the
great lines not merely projected but under contract, and in process of execution
a line is contracted for and to be completed before Dec. next from N.York to
Buffalo a distance of nearly 500 miles; a line also from N.York to P.
a a distance of 203 miles; a line from N.York to Phila. 96 miles; a line
from Phila. through Lancaster & York to Baltimore over 100 miles
