the
United States.
That the House of Representatives
and the Senate of the United States,
in conformity with the constitution and laws of the United States,
shall immediately after adjournment of the Senate, proceed to
consider the bill for establishing a national bank, and recommend it to the President of the United States for his signature.
And I, the President of the United States, do hereby recommend the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
And I, the President of the United States, do hereby recommend the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
And I, the President of the United States, do hereby recommend the bill establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
And I, the President of the
United States, do hereby recommend the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
The President of the United States recommends the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
The President of the United
States recommends the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
The President of the
United States recommends the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
The President of
the United States recommends the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
The President
of the United States recommends the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
The United States recommends the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
The United
States recommends the bill for establishing a national bank to the Senate and Representatives of the United States, for their consideration.
