with the alphabet, to play rapidly one part of a tune upon a piano
no with marked keys? While you have patiently attempted in
vain to drill performers to a rapid fingering of one hand alphabet I must
believe your views to be for too inconvenient to the capacity of your noble invention.
But I have not yet come to the ultimate. A good while ago I devised a plan for breaking numerous circuits with
several keys -- 26 circuits for example with 5, to be touched with the thumb by fingers of one hand, suppose it to be new & applicable to the subject at hand. Suppose five keys. Suppose let the part of the key which is to break
and form circuits be of non-conducting material (if in contact with them not adjoining) strike down with the thumb one key & pass the circuit wire (or suppose it passed) through all five keys. Let the key return & suppose it carry with it the
pure of the circuit wire that was enbarked in its course to remain. You perceive the circuit is now broken but on striking down the key with the thumb it is formed anew.
Call this key - sat (A). Now with the forefinger strike down the second key -- all the others being untouched or free and suppose the circuit wire passed half an inch or a quarter
of an inch, distant horizontally from its first passage but through all the keys as before & let the part contained in this be permanently retained as part of the key. Call this key (B)
so on up through the five fingers & you have five circuits corresponding to the alphabet (E) in calculus. Now strike two keys together one with the thumb & one with the forefinger & suppose
the circuit wire half an inch or a quarter immediately above the circuit (A) and let both keys retain their parts on their return as before. Call this (C), Now strike with the thumb & middle finger pass & call it (D) and so on
through all the combinations by two, then by three, by four or by five which can be made of five keys -- buy twenty six to make more you have two thumb keys one placed for letters -- the other for numerals &c. Care should be taken to have the pieces of metal embosomed in the pieces pass outward by a spring in order to ensure good contact of
57
