THE OPENING OF MORSE'S TELEGRAPH TO
BUFALO, for public use, was duly celebrated yesterday evening by the gentlemen connected with the various Telegraph lines Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, Har-
risburg, New York, New Haven, Hartford, Springfield, Boston, Albany, Troy, Utica, Auburn, Rochester, Syracuse and Buffalo are in communication with each other, and for business purposes, all these cities are formed into one great community, holding instantaneous correspondence with each other, every important occurrence in any one being known in all simultaneously. The following lines are now in operation:
From New York to New Haven,
Hartford, Springfield and Boston, 265 miles
From New York to Albany, Utica,
Auburn, Syracuse, Rochester, Lock-
port and Buffalo, 507 "
From New York to Philadelphia,
Baltimore and Washington, 240 "
From Philadelphia to Harrisburg, 105 "
From Boston to Lowell, 26 "
From Boston to Portland, (110 miles-half finished) 35 "
From Ithaca to Auburn, 40 "
From Troy to Saratoga, 31 "
Now in operation, 1279 miles
Is not this the feature of the age? The
visitor to Lake Erie holding confidential converse with his friend in New York! The very annihilation of distance! Time and space will become mere nihilities. We stand amazed at the gigantic power displayed by man when, he grapples with the mysteries of Nature. Twas well done for old Yale, to call the magician naturae legum doctor—we omit the rest As New Yorkers, we are proud of the Doctor, and we are proud too, of that classic pile, in whose silent halls this beautiful philosophical mechanism was arranged and perfected. The University has much to boast of. Nor is this her only original performance; it is not generally known that the first Daguerriian portrait was taken by Dr. Draper, though such is the fact. How great individual is over corporate capacity, is here strikingly shown. The very elements which form the Anglo-Saxon character are brought out in wonderful development in the Anglo-American. While England, by her government, has got with great labor 175 miles of telegraph into operation, and then compelled to abandon it, the United States with her individual enterprise, has now in successful operation 1269 miles. This is American enterprise! But it is citizen enterprise. We must yield the palm to England in some matters. When as a government she undertakes a matter, she very seldom fails. Her public men are held responsible It is not the plan to let a ship of war lie on the stocks 20 years before it is completed. How desirable it is, that some of our citizen enterprise should enter our government councils.
General Chat by Lightning.
At one o'clock, P. M. precisely, the Telegraph Line was connected through the whole distance from New York to Buffalo, passing through the following stations, viz: Troy, Albany, Utica, Syracuse, Auburn, Rochester, Buffalo, and a few distances of 500 miles.
Upon turning the adjustment screw of the magnet by Prof. Morse, all things were found right, and Prof. Morse sent his compliments to all the operators on the line.
The first to answer was Albany.
The compliments of the Albany Office to Prof. Morse and Mr. Wood.
Utica Office wishes to be remembered to Prof. Morse and Mr. Wood.
Albany Office sends compliments to Prof. Morse and Mr. Wood.
Buffalo sends compliments to Prof. Morse and Mr. Wood and presents Lake Erie to Old Ocean.
Rochester Office sends compliments to Prof. Morse and Mr. Wood, and presents Erie and Croton Aqueduct.
Auburn presents Solid Prison to the Times.
Spencer sends compliments to Prof. Morse and asks how are the Yankees?
Troy says, now give me a chance. Compliments to Prof. Morse and Mr. Wood; and now for business if there is any.
Utica asks, need we keep dark any longer?
Troy answers No. Announce it to the four winds that Buffalo and New-York are no longer separated—they talk to each other by lightning.
This entire distance occupied somewhat less than five minutes
157
