5
But our problem is quite different from theirs. Inflation abroad was accompanied
by a high degree of business activity and usually also by direct government borrow-
ing from central banks. Under such circumstances it is not difficult to decide
what a central bank ought to do. The Federal Reserve System has the much more
difficult problem of endeavoring to foresee when and how these conditions may arise.
Our dilemma is that if we take action now based upon the assumption that they will
arise, our action may be premature and may choke off an incipient recovery such as
our present policy is designed to facilitate. We have also to bear in mind that
the present extraordinary governmental expenditures are of quite different character
from those which have in previous cases been the sources of uncontrollable inflation,
such as war time expenditures, or the German reparation payments, or the French
reconstruction of invaded territory. All these expenditures were of a compelling
nature from which there was no escape but which necessarily became greater as the
inflation proceeded; our extraordinary expenditures are a phenomenon of depression.
While there is of course no certainty, there is at least a fair possibility that if
and when we achieve recovery, extraordinary expenditures will be reduced through
the re-employment of the factors of production. Moreover, we are faced with the
fact that in a period of depression, as contrasted with a period of boom, some ex-
pansion of credit is essential and it is the duty of a central bank or banking
system to do what it can to facilitate that expansion. We must not allow our very
natural fears as to how we are to control this expansion in the future to obscure
our realization that in some form and to some extent it is not only inevitable but
desirable, if we are to have any real recovery. It thus becomes a nice question,
if credit expansion does not, as promptly as we desire, take the form we wish it
to take, namely an expansion of the private use of credit, at what point and on
what grounds we are justified in taking measures which might interfere with its
taking the form of a public use of credit.
