201
and that such a man was unfit to be a
judge. I neither attempted nor declined
to I did not want to enter into any
long discussion w. him at that time, and I
simply instructed myself by saying to him
I thought B. should be confirmed and that
he would make a good judge. He said I
did not had the audience. I said I had
had all I could find in the papers, but
that I had known B. for many years &
had confidence in him, also that he was
wise. I had had experience w. him -- in
which I did not doubt -- who satisfied me
as to his judicial fitness (referring to the
Reynolds case, which however I did not cite him)
Monday March 6
Presented a review of matter of Const. bill from
salary & advised Board to buy it -- see
them in bill. After some discussion all
agreed it was a legal claim except Delano
who thought it a legal sophistry.
Miller suggested that we have a
prosecution stating that we should not
buy it because Circuit of Texas
and our Circuit Elliott & Cotton
said it was a legal claim which should
be paid.
This was agreed to and on motion of
Miller all voted for it except Delano who voted
against it. He said my men stated the case
fairly and was very convincing but that he
had put in at so dick's that he felt he must
vote against it.
Harding broke up question of payment of
Elliott salary. Delano moved to increase
it to $20000 in April 1 provided the arrangement
w. Campbellton as to Elliott acting as counsel
for Court & Bill on matters in common would
not satisfactorily. Miller became very
indignant & said he was a bargain & even
estimated a correct bargain & set the bill
fell a man. Showing up whole matter,
that it was a "budget". Harding became
very indignant & told Miller the declaration
was an impost on the South as on Pacific
coast -- that this was not the first time
Miller had published bad facts in front
of his colleagues -- that he did not
intend to rest silent under such an
intimation. Miller then in effect
abolized him. Meanwhile I was asked
by what the meant by "budget" I
suggested we ask our counsel to
define it & all laughed.
I then set Elliott salary still to
Wednesday to $20000 on the next
