36
sent relating to discounts of such acceptance
by 1st Reson when we said it was primarily
for determination by 2d Reson. I strenuously
objected to this 2nd vote was taken on it.
Fairly it was voted to send the letter w.
my addition to Erv Strong.
We then attended to more business, and Lee
the Adair called me from N. Haven. I told
him about Warburg and also that he. id to
Bd Shild receive some advice from him as
representing the Adair as to the policy of
Vast & 2nd Reson in giving & discounting
acceptances involving war munitions. Sedit.
said he personally favored the letter to
Strong & felt that our letter to him of July 24
as to policy of 2d Reson in it was absolutely
right, but as our Court had advised
us that we did not legally barbed a
Member of 2d Reson from issuing or
discounting such acceptances there was
no occasion for discussion as to policy with
the Adair, all of which I told the Member
Warb. objected to certain eminences held w.
Col. House - evidently referring to Delano and
said we ought to trust our amateurs.
He then went into question of neutrality and
said while he admitted Reson were not
quite constitutional they were so near to it that
we ought at least to intimatemate to them not to
disappoint acceptance clearly related to
war munitions.
after the vote Dr Miller had a short return
expressing personal opinion that 2d Reson
child not discount war material acceptance
although admitted that so far as Member
was concerned we could not legally
intervene w. them. He voted for the letter to
Erv Strong as did also Warburg.
We then adjourned and lunched w. Warburg
at mid day club. Dr Miller asked Erv Strong
to letter to use in the PM as to credit operations
generally.
P.M.
Erv Strong came in -- he was not at morning
meeting. He said there were probably 11000
millions in war contracts mostly involving
munitions of war and he said Credit Union
could buy us only to limited extent on profit
and would have to send us securities
or credits here. He figured that
about 500 millions in securities could have
to be sent to discharge our obligations
& he said some hundreds of millions
had already been sent us & sold.
Referring to the French loan he said he had
impressed on Brown that he did not in
any way be responsible for the credit
