68th Maryland political strike of the Adams to carry fair
with the South -- saying this was the idea of
see McAdoo in doing it.
Warburg & Harding evidently think that the
Red Res Bet is simply a representative of the
Banks and that the public have no interest
under as in Hardings case, cotton is involved.
The must with them in the Bank -- what is
good for the banks the public must be
satisfied with.
The Bd. of Ins. of Canal & the Reichenbach, are
trieds power to loan directly to the insured.
& the Red Res Bet thus often makes objection
should have and will have -- when we make
the regulation -- have a similar right.
Sept 24, Friday
After the meeting Compt. Williams assured Harding
himself if we saw any improvement in the
burgs send cotton. We both said yes as the loan
reform alone as to action of Bank. Ernst advised the
public did not know. He then advised us it could
not be all regret for him Williams to bring same
we give same answer.
Sept 24. Friday to Monday. Oct. 4 at 1000
Oct 4. Monday
Did the Agent Carlton in Boston told me Warburg
had written him a letter on subject of
open market purchases sitting both the
agreement & pro & con.
W. never told any of the members on to them
as matter on their own hands of course I consider
the action troublesome.
69
Oct 4. next.
Williams showed me a draft of what I signed
by him as one of terms on Rediscount & First
deposit's severely condemning Sec. McAdoo
stating it was a purely political move to
make this deposit -- that it was done
with any consultation w. Res Bet and I,
they were not responsible for it and
suggesting that Emry, armed the power
as it enabled Sec. to frustrate all plans
of Res Bet.
I told Emry of this and he was furious.
I told he was inclined to think matter
had better be disposed of, I told him this
Sec. was given right to do this by Emry, &
that if we interfered in a political
fight such as this, it would destroy
influence of Board & persuade the Board
itself.
Williams told me Warburg had shown him a
draft of custody of Acceptances securities
which severely criticized and for changing
my actions. I wrote W. asking him to let
me see it. Williams told me would. I had
shown it to him.
Thursday
Mr. Elan called & said at Warburg request
he had had an interview with him of
his board last evening Oct 6. Said he
