222
gold from Bank of England at low marked paid paid
or we dept the Netherlands Deficit.
He said he thought that Sec 14 by authorizing
the Bank to deal in gold came and returned at
home abroad, clearly authorizes them to receive
gold deposits irpayable in gold, similar to
the gold Nat. Use at time of Civil War.
He agreed that it might be better to leave law
amended to give us such power directly
either many Dutch lbs might obtain it.
He said speculators in exchange would not
object to their stateleging exchange as it
would be our own benefit.
He said the Bank of Eng. money was strictly
limited to bullion or exchange and could not
authorize e.g. floating or Bank loans in U.S.
payment to be made to U.S. Paper.
showing of the Netherlands cur marked gold,
he said it was curious to advantage of Germany
as it was suspected that the Netherlands
could or perhaps already had obtained
legislation authorizing to issue Notes issued
by deposits of gold w. one U.S. Res Currency,
thus the Netherlands could e.g. buy German
securities and buy for them w.out taxes
of influence from Great Britain.
No copy of the memo. was left with
the Board, as he strongly urged the writer
just to lay it before his Board but he
223
223
would send us a copy after the Board had
considered it.
The Bel expressed no opinion but said when
formally presented to us it would be
later it is.
Mr Strong informally asked them over w. Delano
and myself left Club at lunch at the
U.S. Club.
He said the office of Bank of England lowered
when the Nat. Res Act as a monument to
meritorious service of legislators and made it
impossible for the first time in
history of banking cooperation between England
and all other Nations & the U.S. which would
lead to mutual sustableness in foreign exchanges.
also said the Bank of Eng. officials thought
it most inconvenient to secure similar
agreement from Bank of France, all this Bank of Eng.
old not be a party to any such spirit.
Gov S. said he had also talked w. officers
of Bank of France and he thought they
would undoubtedly be glad to enter into
a similar agreement, in doubt that they
had said they would, if such an
arrangement were carried out, be
willing to accept U.S. Res Bons as
deposits of Bank of France.
