at the meeting in fact. did the Adjt Bosworth in his
speech advocated: 1. Amending law. 1. to limit
each Str of Rev. Reserves to amt placed on 1/2;
2. To abolish Compulsory & limit this function
under Rev Bd; 3. To prevent Secy making any
departures in Rev Reserves except in execution of
and in manner prescribed by Rev Res Bd.
He met me at 6 o'clock and I told him
to say cold make out reply made. I told him
it was not made at all but that I did not
agree with him as to 2 & 3; that it was a quiet
as good taste wh. he could probably to attack
the Compulsory & Sec. but that I believed in
free selection & it was for him to decide.
I am satisfied from his manner that he
has been just apt to do this by utter subjection.
Act 14. Thursday
Delaney & Harley have come to Rev Bd & Rev.
have come.
Deputies told Williams of Bosworths
attack & that undoubtedly there would be
a strong movement in Congress to remove
him from First Rev Bd
I advised him strongly to meet the
attack by showing that under existing
law he was under general control of
Rev Res Bd & begged him to yield on
matter of reports of examiners. I
addressed to those grounds that if the
Rev Bd passed a resolution that the Rev Res
uses should report to Board as to endowment of
churches & should then assist them to give
reports of their reports to the Rev Res Agts to
say he could do so leaving the responsibility
for use of the reports to the Board.
He said he would think this over.
Act 19. Monday
Williams told me that while I was away he was called
on telephonic by Warburg passed to come right over to his
house. He giving them the formal words. Miller. Harding
& Cotton came N.Y. city. Warburg had packed a
better attack on the Secy in committee on the present
agencies of Rev Res Bks which he had shown
him. writes: that Willis expressed himself against
it & said if anything were needed W. should meet
it in form of a responsible deliberately attacking
terminating the Secy and then fight it out: that
W. that evening had a series of resolutions &
was quite angry when Willis said they were
better than the original report but he did not
believe in them. Willis said Cotten rather leave
his office. Finally at 12 a.m. night Willis left.
The next day he said Meador called him in
the morning to his house & seemed greatly
disturbed: that W. advised him to make
every concession to keep harmony. that the
Secy went to the meeting & tried to have the
whole matter postponed until his return
by returning to a calm with would make
a unanimous report to which, said he
