before giving it to the Col. came in & began to talk
Platt he frankly told I wanted to talk with
Sunday Nov 14 in Annapolis but not to
himself be avoided. During a visit to avoid
discussion. He said this was not so -- that
his wife asked him to stay in his. I said if
we had had a talk we should have
avoided much trouble. I spoke also of
Harding's ultimatum to the Board and at first
in rather was the view that Harding was
cheating only personally but I convinced him
that H. had said Nov 15 that he had submitted
his letter to Williams to the Court & he remained silent,
and this P H Williams said that it
was stated at one of the meetings that the
Court asked Harding to see him, Williams
was being in favoring a complete silent on minute
report saying we must not fight the words".
I explained to him that the suggestion of South
& Delano was not to "pass" the words and
to put when need the words, resolutions,
votes etc. etc. not laying to state in full the
letter remarks, debates etc. This latter by
himself said was not me to be inserted.
139
11/2. Thursday.
In evening over Redistricting papers I came across
a copy of a letter of Williams to Sec. McAdoo
dated Nov. 12, enclosing a printed or rather
typewritten memo. of Hardings letter with him.
The letter says:
"I enclosed a memo of an interview w. Dr Harding
who has sent Dembursit it. --- he asked if I
would tell you that, when he called on you
2 or 3 evenings ago, he carried w. him a copy
of the Court's report and a map showing
the proposed redistricting, with permission
from the Court to leave it with you for
your information --- He stated that he now
has it in his desk & will be pleased to
send it to you should you care to see it
before it is submitted to the Board next
week. Personally I have not seen the
map or the map."
The memo referred to -- of which I have a copy --
as also of above letter -- gives their letter in
detail. The memorandum as to submitting to President
etc is stated by Harding in memo. of firm man
to man. Harding however stated in meeting
of Nov 15 that he reported whole conversation
to the Court and used of them questionnaire
or denied his authority.
Since the Court asked him to present a map
& he later loans the plain colored Boston
map. Atlanta etc.
