140
Welles came in late this P M and among other
things said that while acting as expert on
Elans -- just after Meador took office and
before he had quit him, a man whom
he could not give called in him in his office
in N. Y. and asked for a copy of the draft of
the Bill for Wauberg. Willis Melanie & this man
said the bomb has a long memory both for his
annuities & memorials. Also said Sec. Meador is under
heavy obligations to Kansas, North & Co. and he
will certainly give Warburg a copy as soon as
he gets out. Willis still declined.
Said also that Col. House obtained a copy of
your one to Wauberg & that latter thing went
to Louisville together, whereas Wauberg from
Schitzerland wrote a letter bitterly attacking
the Bill especially the emoluments of officers
with. He said would draw money from the
State of Chicago and he disfavored (sic) any
such interference w. the State Exchequer.
Welles also said he discovered that Dr. Miller
had a copy -- that Elans was very much
disturbed. & that he asked explained that
he had asked him to examine it purely for
a copy but that his suggestions were of
no value. Willis said he learned from
other sources that Miller was bitterly
opposed to the Bill.
At annuals meetings of Nov 15
and 22 -- not yet approved -- and made
some suggestions in writing to Washington.
141
Williams then came in and said Keller ought
to expect to resign -- that he was unwilling to leave
and that there was time to act. He deprecated
any such action -- said it would lead to a political
controversy no matter what the merits might
be.
I then went to say Meador & said the same,
saying that I should believe at least
enough of them were opposed to. He said
he did not care if they all resigned -- that
the country would recognize that the Senate
intended to protect the Bill and consent to
the passage the necessary injunction by the
18th Res Act. If they said -- suppose we put
Elans on the Board in Kansas place? The
whole country would applaud them. I
said -- no respects them or addresses them and
his ability more than he -- but in any
other such an act at this time would
be notable success. It would night a
formidable fight -- destroy the country.
and rob the Senator of much of the credit
now secured to it even by Republican
party. I begged him to think them over
and the said be would, but I fear I
made little impression upon him
