284 This Harding evening left for St Louis
Friday, Aug. 17. at 11.00
Sat. Aug 18. Dunched w. Mrs Malcolm Forbes
at Vansbun.
Found when I left a letter from the Res Agent
Rich protesting or granting Wisconsin petition
and incidentally saying several bankers had
told him that members of Congress & Senators
had threatened the Res. Res Bot and had told
my confederates over their heads as a club
to enforce immediate action on the request
of mine, theilwampee bankers to robber their
petition, adding that the date of confirmation
but come to their view.
Mr Harding also sent me a letter saying
Rich had sent me a letter saying
the names of their bankers & the names
of the Cong. & Senators & pointed out in
laying that the Board voted to robber
the Iowa petition on Wed. July 26 at 3.20
P.M. while my name was not even
sent to the Senate by the Post until
5.30 that same afternoon.
Also wrote Harding that no Rep. or Senator
had ever discussed my confirmation or me
in connection with the Iowa petition or in any other
285 manner, except merely to congratulate me.
I also reminded Harding, a copy of Rich's objection in
his letter to Senators Thompson and Spalding, that
he told me the other day Gov. Wold told him he
had had an interview with one of the Illinois
sensators & had urged him to go to the hearing
and protest but that his efforts had been
unavailing as he declined to do it.
I told Harding I should demand an investigation
of the whole matter by the Board at its
next meeting.
In my opinion Gov. Wold should be removed
from his action in issuing a circular dated
July 26. the day he voted to robber the
Wis. petition, but which was antedated
not being really issued until after he
sent a telegram from Bld July 27 that
petition had been robered. This circular
said checks on Miles. box would be
reversed by Min. Res Bank at par
w. interest credit in settlement for
checks.
This was never sent to the Board
& first intimation of it was at
hearing Aug 8.
Mr W. admitted later to Harding it
was antedated.
I have utterly lost confidence in
Gov. Wold & Rich.
