156
Director, at least until examination of our un-
delinquece sufficiently disgraced to them.
At todays meeting matter brought up again
Set Dec 10
Williams went over letter to President asking him to
ask opinion of Attorney Gen as to our modifying
power to force busses to clear this fire. Re-
lation of many balances often clearing on checks of
men deposited in Fed. Res Bd by certain member
of Congress, criticized it here. Williams who informed
it out in a question asking if we could force
busses to depart all trains w. Fed. Res Bd.
Williams said it was not well. Our successful election
system -- only question is can we force decent
vendors to clear it
Williams also said Res Bd could not remove
Director if he refused to resign as that would
not be "cause" under statute.
Monday Dec 12
At Board meeting eliminated question objected
to by Williams in relation to President on clearing. Williams
other changes proposed at board to come.
Water matter again brought up. Williams
asked our interests opinion as to "court" under
Fed. Res Bd.
Williams objected, Daniels saying we shall
not remove him, we shall do it in another
way -- we have to appoint his salary as
Director.
Williams went over letter to President asking him to
ask opinion of Attorney Gen as to our modifying power to force busses to clear this fire. Relation of many balances often clearing on checks of men deposited in Fed. Res Bd by certain member of Congress, criticized it here. Williams who informed it out in a question asking if we could force busses to depart all trains w. Fed. Res Bd.
Williams said it was not well. Our successful election system -- only question is can we force decent vendors to clear it
Williams also said Res Bd could not remove Director if he refused to resign as that would not be "cause" under statute.
Tuesday Dec 13
At Board meeting eliminated question objected to by Williams in relation to President on clearing. Williams other changes proposed at board to come.
Water matter again brought up. Williams asked our interests opinion as to "court" under Fed. Res Bd.
Williams objected, Daniels saying we shall not remove him, we shall do it in another way -- we have to appoint his salary as Director.
Williams went over letter to President asking him to ask opinion of Attorney Gen as to our modifying power to force busses to clear this fire. Relation of many balances often clearing on checks of men deposited in Fed Res Bd by certain member of Congress, criticized it here. Williams who informed it out in a question asking if we could force busses to depart all trains with Fed Res Bd.
Williams said it was not well. Our successful election system -- only question is can we force decent vendors to clear the fire.
Williams also said Res Bd could not remove Director if he refused to resign as that would not be "cause" under statute.
157
Thursday Dec 14
Delaware made an earnest attempt of clearing letter to Williams objected. I asked Williams to withdraw it & said I would bring it before Board tomorrow.
Wednesday Dec 15
I drafted short letter to President on clearing.
Mr. Clay in corridor and asked him to look at it -- he said it was all right as did also Williams. Later Delaware second member agreed to it and gave me a note today which I sent to President.
Wednesday Dec 16
Sec. McAdoo asked Williams himself to come to his house at 8.30 P.M. We went there.
After a long discussion Sec. M. seemed inclined to yield on clearing matter and then said he could fix it all right w. Clerk if they wanted him to. Sec M. was bitterly criticized by Governor of the Banks -- said thing must be curbed, that their names should be changed to President.
I reminded him that I voted against calling them Governors as it would surely tend to magnify their importance at expense of the Fed. Res Agents.
