176
afternoon, just a week ago and was confirmed
the next Friday. He saw no mention in
the papers of the subject until after
he was embroiled, all the others told him it
was intended to.
not believe it was escaped through and
that there may be trouble about it later.
June 1. Sunday
called in his Hall. He said she had not been by her
house last night, and that Mr. Mc Clintock, who was calling in
the, said, "Your son Charles Hurstler, I am sure he is
morning, with some difference between Rehnsell & Dempwells
in the McBrook; that in his office."
she said Rehnsell M. recent 3 terms with her this afternoon
complaining of his brother; that he was very
offended and provoking towards her; that one day
he told her she acted like an old lady, etc;
that she said she no longer feared him becoming
a Roman Catholic.
there are evidently underlying difficulties between
them.
Mr H. spoke deliberately of their budget and
petitions; said the latter were dumbbells a fixed
lawyer, but of no practical utility as a legislators
she answered see. Smith & cost explained to her
177
but they polling vote. The Party had simultaneously
withdrawn.
He said she had beaten Mr. Hole for voting to
overrule the Prudts vote of the Board
bill and all he could say was, "well at least
I hope you will admit it was honest!"
She asked me about the Quillen, saying she saw
something of her Quillen at that Jong Hartford.
He told her briefly about Quillen.
June 3. Tuesday
brided with Rehnsell & Lamar Lloyd. Speaking of her
last (see Quillen friend) Rehnsell said that she
heard her say, some time ago, that she went
with Louise McCormick and her husband to the
cathedral to make arrangements for interning
her welcome body there; that Mrs (Rehnsell) told
them to her Hall, and she some time latter
asked the committee (her cousin) why he had
not come to see her when last in Washington.
He said he was there only a few hours.
Mr. Hall said "you had time enough to
look her over to her Willem and so with
them to the cathedral etc. McCormick in
amazement, said he had not seen her
well and she did not go to her Willem
