But I feel sure as if I had but wait for Uncle, as he may
be here any hour now -- and I am so sanguine that he
might accompany me to Niagara. -- In the mean time I
have had a pressing invitation to go over and visit my
old school-mate Carry Rankin -- and perhaps think of
over and spend a day or two. This little point will
permit me, I think, and Uncle here seems have no
objections to my going. -- Harriet Peters has been invited
to go with me, and we two will have a happy time. --
My old collaborator, Miss Shepherd, has not
yet arrived; it will be no disappointment to her,
I hope -- that the sailing is put off. Sometime I think
I will write her, but am detained by this letter that
she may be on her way here, and never receive
my letter.
I have just received a letter from Col. S. S. Colly,
Boutten, that I have resolved to have no more communication
with him. The engagement no longer subsists, and it
is but as if I ought from a sense of duty -- to do so.
Rather -- I have tried hard to persuade myself that I was
really attached to him -- but I am convinced now that
I do not -- some qualities I have admired in him, and
thought of he really loved me -- why -- I would have
him at all events -- but this would be wrong -- I
know you would not wish me to write myself -- one
I did not hope -- so I have concluded it better
to stopped immediately. As for me -- I will never
marry without your consent -- and think now I shall
But I feel sure as if I had but wait for Uncle, as he may
be here any hour -- and I am so sanguine that he
might accompany me to Niagara. -- In the mean time I
[1843-09-20]
have had a pressing invitation to go over and visit my
old school-mate Carry Rankin - and perhaps think of
over and spend a day or two. This little point will
permitme, I think, and Uncle here seems have no
objections to my going. -- Harriet Peters has been invited
to go with me, and we two will have a happy time. --
My old collaborator Miss Shepherd, has not
yet arrived; it will be no disappointment to her,
I hope --that the sailing is put off. Sometime I think
I will write her, but am detained by this letter that
