150
Samuel F. B. Morse Egy.
Dear Sir
Your letter of August 9th I duly received
which as it is short and will be a justification of my writing now, as it shows that you were
favorably to my proposition I will copy here
letter of the 24th June has just reached me, I having been absent from the City of New York for more
than 2 months travelling at the West. This will account, I hope satisfactorily, for my silence and
"apparent neglect." I expect to be in the City in a day or two, and will confer with the other
gentlemen interested in my invention, and let you know it as early as possible our determination in regard to your proposition, of which I think favorably. I write this simply to explain
the cause of my apparent neglect, and to assure you that I personally entertain your proposition
with favor, and that you shall hear from me again soon. Believe me with respect to Mr. Chas
"I have N Coffin Egy. Washington D.C."
"Samuel F. B. Morse."
To the Session of Congress is very near at hand, only a few days distant, I thought
it was necessary to write to you, so that if I was to go on, I might make every necessary
preparation, the details of which I will inform you hereafter.
Ever since I wrote to you on the 24th June, Genov's Telegraph apparatus, has been at the
top of the Capitol, his object probably being to impress upon the Members of Congress in its
favor by having it constantly before their eyes. I understand he has carried Telegraphic
station at some distance out East of the Capitol. Probably he and his friends will make great
efforts to have it adopted, which once adopted, will be the death of yours or any other plan,
and even if the Government should determine even to try it, it will give it a sanction which
would be a great injury to the adoption of any other plan -- therefore the greatest portion should
be made now before the Government adopt it, or deny it -- as after their determination to
adopt or try his plan the Government will be immovably fixed in their opinion -- and being
fired or inclined towards his plan, your Patent will be good for nothing. Under the present
circumstances of very strong opposition to your plan from powerful quarters -- the Committee
of Commerce of the Senate, a Committee of very great influence with the other Members, having
reported in favor of Genov's plan, and which Report states that -- This System of Mr. Genov
comes with the recommendation of the Members of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, the Chamber
of Commerce, and the Officers of the Custom House at New Orleans, before whom experiments were made,
and who speak of it in the most favorable terms. This powerful recommendation will have
a great effect on Mr. Morton the Senator who made the Report from the Committee, to induce or to get the
