TO ALL TO WHOM THESE PRESENTS SHALL COME:
BE IT KNOWN, that I, Samuel F. B. Morse, now of Poughkeepsie, in the county of
Dutchess, in the State of New York, have invented a new and useful apparatus for, and
a system of transmitting intelligence between distant points, by means of Electro-Mag-
netism, which puts in motion machinery for producing sounds or signs, and recording
signs upon paper or other suitable material, which invention I denominate the Ame-
rican Electro-Magnetic Telegraph, and that the following is a full, clear and exact de-
scription of the principle or character thereof, which distinguishes it from all other Tele-
graphs previously known, and of the manner of making and constructing said apparatus
and applying said system, reference being had to the accompanying drawings, making
part of this specification in which Examples 1, 2, and 3, show my system of signs consisting
of a combination of dots and spaces, and of dots, spaces and horizontal lines intended to
represent—Example 1, signs for numbers; Example 2, signs for compound numbers; Example
3, signs for letters; all which signs may also represent words or sentences. Examples 4,
5 and 6, are specimens of the form of type used for regulating the imprinting of the signs.
Example 7, is the type rule; Example 8, apparatus for connecting and breaking the
Electrical or Galvanic circuit. Example 10, Fig. 1, is a perspective view of the regis-
tering apparatus, Fig. 2, a top plan, Fig. 3, a side elevation of the train of wheels moving
the paper and regulating its motion, Fig. 4, a sectional elevation of the Registering lever
and parts appended thereto, Fig. 5, alarm apparatus. Example 11, is a diagram, show-
ing the relative positions of the different parts of an approved form of apparatus, including
a combination of circuits.
Prior to my first application for a patent, it had been essayed to use the currents of
Electricity or Galvanism for Telegraphic purposes, either by decomposition or the action
or exercise of the deflective force of a current upon a magnetized bar or needle, which de-
composition or deflection required to be noted by ocular inspection at the instant the sign
was made.
By my invention the intelligence can be transmitted, and imprinted on paper or other
suitable substance, without requiring the aid of any person at the station to which the
communication is transmitted, so as to be read at any time thereafter.
My apparatus for this purpose consists of two principal parts or combinations.
The first part consists of a Galvanic Battery, or any known generator of Galvanism or
Electricity, a Galvanic or Electric circuit, composed of any known conductors of Electricity,
a port rule and signal lever or other contrivance for closing and breaking the circuit, all in
combination with an Electro-Magnet, or device by which the motive power of the Electric or
Galvanic current, which I call Electro-Magnetism, may be developed and applied to give
motion to other machinery for the purpose of marking or imprinting intelligible characters,
signs or letters at any distances; the conductors may be suspended in the air upon posts
or otherwise, or buried in the ground, being always well insulated at the posts or in the
ground. This combination is illustrated in the annexed drawings in Example 11, Fig. 2,
where D indicates the battery; a, a, the circuit; B, the signal lever; and
C the Electro-Magnet.
The new parts and the operation of this portion of my apparatus, I thus further
describe, viz: at any convenient point in the circuit, (generally near the generator) a
break is made in the conductor, and the two ends thereof are immersed in mercury cups
as shown in the drawings at E, E, Fig. 1, example S. To connect the circuit, I employ
an inverted V formed piece of metal or other proper connector A, suspended over the
mercury cups E, E, in the end of a horizontal lever denominated in said drawing the “signal
lever,” whose fulcrum is at a, so that when the connector A is dipt into the cups, the cir-
cuit is completed. Between the fulcrum and connector A, there is affixed to the under
side of the lever and projecting downward a triangular tooth b, which bears on the upper
surface of the types about to be described, and is raised or lowered by them.
The lever may be counter-balanced by a weight or its equivalent as at C, to make it
move easily. The types are composed of flat straight strips of metal, as shown in exam-
pies 4 and 5, of the drawings herunto annexed, having their upper edges indented to suit
the character to be represented, and which will be hereinafter more fully set forth in the
description of the operation of the machine. The indentations are made of sufficient
depth to allow the connector A to be plunged into the mercury cups, and the highest sur-
face raises it from them. It is obvious that the forms of the upper surface of the types
may be reversed, and the cog b placed on the other side of the fulcrum, and the same
effect would be produced. The types are set up and confined in a Rule to form any re-
quired sentences in one long line. This rule, denominated in the drawings, Example 8,
“Type Rule,” has on its under side a rack that gears into a pinion x, on a shaft under the
grooved railings D, of common construction, on which said rule slides, and is directed
under the cog b, on the lever; the types are advanced at a regular speed by the applica-
tion of any convenient power to the pinion x, and bring the notches, or raised and de-
pressed parts successively under the cog b.
The mercury cups may be dispensed with, and any other convenient metallic con-
98760
