other cause than a diminution of esteem. — At this distance from the City, in the present
unhappy obstruction of intercourse, I seldom hear of an opportunity till it is too late. If this circumstance is the only cause why I do not write sooner, — the principal subject of conversation in the political world is at present the gallant exploit of
Comm. Bainbridge in capturing the Java of which you will doubtless have received the details before this letter arrives. — Do you receive the American papers regularly? If not I will endeavour to send them to you, though at this distance from the City it will be impossible to send them regularly. Our success upon the ocean must
excite a glow of triumph in the heart of every American, & the more so because we have been mortified at the degradation of our national character which our repeated Naval victories will doubtless render. — But I confess to you, my dear friend, that this triumph is in my breast not unmixed with pain. I fear these events will produce this unnatural, & I think I may say, unnecessary war.— If so the wishes of individuals for peace will be destroyed. But I will not anticipate evils which I pray God to avert. — You who are now in a land of enemies doubtless feel differently from what I do, with respect to the causes & consequences of the war. We
however unite in the wish that a speedy & honourable peace may restore the amicable relations which ought to exist between the friends the happiest, the most intimatemately related nations in the world. — Mr Palmer on his return, mentioned to me that he left a letter of mine to him in your hands, containing a list of books which I had requested him to purchase. — If it will not be inconvenient, will you have the goodness to purchase for me the following books, & any other in that list which from time to time you may find cheap? — Then you can probably from time to time transmit to me by some safe conveyance, as private property, if you cannot they can remain on your shelves till there be peace, — the money shall be paid to your order at sight. — I am, my dear Sir your very sincere friend
Reading Edition of Ecclesian Historians P. 13. b.— P. 10. 33. get Thomas of
Leicester Theolog. Works, Wall on Infant Baptism. 10/— Reason on the Creed 10/
March's Michaelis last Ed. Calif. U. F. all the new works in print in Cal.
Hannam's Works. Outram's of Sacrifices. Campbell on the Gospels £1.3
Brocke's Thelus Works. Bl. Andrews. Works. Bourgeois Conjurations 1763.
in 2d. Yarmans his conjectures are not agreed from his Ed. of the New Test. after Wilkin
96622
Earl comes often into city & last them —
