you once gone by way of Lisbon -- We write very often
& hope you have seen Capt. Langdon of this place before
that we shall hear from you by train & receive for
one of your paintings, a cast of your Mercurius bostly &c
as he promised to bring them out -- In one of your letters
you mention that Mr. Thornton had a copy of the
graphy in reading -- You do not mention what was
his opinion about publishing it in Eng? -- nor who
you have any prospect of deriving any aid in your
support from that or any other source -- I inform Mr.
Brunfield (with whom Mother's deep kind regard to him
& Mary B. whose friends here are well) that I shall send
more money very soon -- that he may allow you
at the rate of £200 per 3 years for the three years.
It shall be placed in due season in his hands -- The
Putnam estate is in my hands, as security for what
it cost me to redeem it, & for my debt -- but the war
has reduced its value, so that if I were to sell it, I
could produce me but a small part of my debt -- we
hope it will give me as to indemnify me, in a great
measure for my advances. -- Our affairs in other
respects, no worse than they have been & rather better
all things considered. Every thing quiet & prosperous
on the whole in the Parish & town -- Dr. Bartlett & Dr.
Riley are dead -- old Capt. Hewell at the point of death
no others, that you knew dead, that I now recollect --
Mr. Bedmans affair are peaceably settled, he has been completely
victorious over his enemies -- Mr. D. L. the only Abbott is to
be ordained next week in Mr. Emerson's church -- Dr. Eliot is due
to succede yet fixed on for him -- Mr. Everett intends
to be Mr. Backman's successor. -- The present is one
of the finest & most promising seasons I ever knew the
harvest to appearance will be very abundant -- Heaven
appears to be rewarding this part of the country for their conduct
& oppression the present war.
I expect to find this by Mr. Jones of Boston -- from which
of Mr. T. K. Jones auctioner. He will probably deliver it himself
Mr. Rockwood in not very well -- her health is in a continual state
of improvement -- Mr. R. is well -- Mr.
her brother has gone to spend the day with her. Mr. R. is well -- Mr.
her brother has returned to this town, with his family -- Mr. Jones will convey
to the late papers of the day, probably I will undoubtedly say many things which
I cannot write -- Remember me to the friends I have here before named
in the manner in which I am aware you can bring home with you -- I hope I will find more of
the harmonious life like also Mr. Thornton -- Your affectionate father & brother
Charles
