Charles town Nov. 25th 1772.
Thanks given for Evens
My dear Son, Fatigued with two publick examinations today one
at home the other at C. Button in Boston, I shall write you but a
short letter. I wrote you a long & very particular letter the
last week by Mr. Abbot, of the town of Watert Abbyt of the town who
has probably one thin failed from Mr. Bedford for his son with his
rich brother (the Rev Mr. Abbot of Boston) and for Mr. Emerson) & Rev Dr.
Pomeroy's Lady from NYork I also found Blanchard of Boston, whom
you know will write a probably any long letter to you from his home.
In that letter (but it did not reach you) I mention that I will make
up your allowance to $1000 a year from the time you arrived at
London for three succeeding years. You may inform Mr. Bromfield
of this I hope it will suffice to defray all your expences, which
accepted as you easily pay out of your own earnings.— I also
regret to you to provide for me from the Plantation Office
the "New England Patent" printed on "grand Plymouth patent" issued
to James In Nov. 8th 1620 in the Office of Sir Edmund Jenkinson
in the office in the above office. It was never printed. I am
anxious if possible to obtain it.
Have given to your two brothers, as some equivalent for the
advances made to them for their encouragement, the large Grants of land
in the Ynck. Do after the present conditions are sold they to revise them
take from all creditors other than what I may at my convenient
bestow. This information I presume will give you pleasure both
as it may bring them in something for their support hereafter I believe
the of a hundred, which I have long waited to throw off at my
time a grief and will also make you feel easier in receiving what
before seemed to be a very unequal portion. We wish to give all
as far as we can equal advantages, privileges, property in we
feel no difference in our affectioned love expect from you all
without demanding yet those returns which will be honorable
to dutiful affectionate children. Remembering as you now do
that your brothers have their looks, you will render to them the
endless province for them those books I supply which will apart them
in making the work as perfect as possible. What books you purchase
