But I will turn from this subject— My health and spirits are excellent,
and my love for my profession in every way, I am painting a small historical
piece, the subject is Marius in Prison, and the soldier sent to kill him
who drops his sword, as Marius says, "Dost thou kill Caius Marius?" the
historical fact you must be familiar with, — I am taking great pains
with it, and may possibly exhibit it, in July at the British Gallery.
Mr. Allston is painting on a large picture 10 feet by 14 with 15 or 16
figures larger than life, he will probably exhibit it in July. Mr. West
call'd to see it for the first time a few days ago; he was in rapture
before it, and upon observing a large clay head which Mr. A. had
modelled for one of his figures, he observed "there was not a sculptor
in England could do like it," and wish'd a cast of it, this, from Mr.
West who never will compliment at the expence of truth, I think
must be encouraging to Mr. Allston. I never think of my situation
in the profession of my choice, and for making so many sacrifices to
gratify me, I hope I shall always feel grateful to the best of parents
and be able soon to show them I am, in the mean time, if industry
and application on my part, can make them happy, be assured I shall
use my best endeavors to be make them comfortable. One of
my greatest blessings here is Mr. Allston, he is like a brother to me,
and not only is a most agreeable and entertaining companion, but
he has been the means of giving me more knowledge (practical,
as well as theoretical) in my art, than I could have acquired by
myself in 3 years. In whatever circumstances I am, Mr. Allston, I
shall esteem as one of my best and most intimateate friends, and in whatever I
can assist him or his, I shall feel proud in being able to do it.
Mr. Allston are well, I dine with them yesterday at Lady Fitzhugh's, whom I
have mentioned to you before as one of our passengers, he is very attentive to us, visits us
constantly and is making us presents of various things such as half a dg. best medicine etc. he
came out here with his Lady to take possession of a fortune of $20,000, and was immensely rich
before having married Miss Van Renselaer of Albany. Our friends are confined to a few
