Samuel J. G. Merrick
& Washington H. Smith
London
My dear friend
In answer to your kind letter some
time ago I got up the for the other day, and made time to go to your office. I am
fully in possession of your views on the necessity for immediate consideration of
the situation of our immigration for the next few years, and I will not
delay further in communicating with you on the subject. I am sure you will
not expect me to give you any details of the matter, but I will
say that I am fully satisfied that the immigration question is a
most important one, and that it is a question which must be settled
at once. I am sure that the people of this country will not
look upon the immigration question as a matter of indifference, but
that they will look upon it as a matter of life and death to the
country. I am sure that the people of this country will not
look upon the immigration question as a matter of indifference, but that
they will look upon it as a matter of life and death to the country.
I am sure that the people of this country will not
look upon the immigration question as a matter of indifference, but that
they will look upon it as a matter of life and death to the country.
I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the country.
I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the
country. I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the
country. I am sure that the immigration question
is a matter of life and death to the country. I am sure that the immigration question
is a matter of life and death to the country. I am sure that the
immigration question is a matter of life and death to the country. I am sure that the
immigration question is a matter of life and
death to the country. I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and
death to the country. I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life
and death to the country. I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life
and death to the country. I am
sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the country. I am
sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the country. I
am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the country.
I am sure that the immigration question is a matter
of life and death to the country. I am sure that the immigration question is a matter
of life and death to the country. I am sure that the immigration question
is a matter of life and death to the country.
I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the coun-
try. I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the
country. I am sure that the
immigration question is a matter of life and death to the country. I am sure that
the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the country. I am sure that
the immigration question is a matter of life
and death to the country. I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of
life and death to the country. I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of
life and death to the country. I
am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the country.
I am sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the
country. I am
sure that the immigration question is a matter of life and death to the country. I am
