with carry when finished 90 guns and be a match for
any ship that swims, is for the stocks. It will be finished
by next July. There is another building at Portsmouth, &
another in Philadelphia. Boston is debouching. Emigrations
from every part of our England to the Western States increase
daily. The War has deprived large classes of our citizens of
employment and they go neither for subsistence nor confidence
England is interested in Japan as she is in her commerce.
She is now reduced to the rank to which
her population & financial resources entitle her -- The English
suffis have announced that a division of the States!! this is rather
premature -- Neither has the Macedonian been captured by the
Syndesos -- We are all on tefelor for news from Europe. The last
accounts left Bonaparte in Dresden Report have stated that he
executed it on the 13th September -- Now that one thing must have been
decided, and with it the fate of our hopes in Europe -- The
Report says that Bonaparte has threatened us with that of our
ambassadors make Peace with England. Then our Naval War
for us -- I must defer giving my reasons for now not thinking
Poetry superior to Paintings. I will mention only, the use of
the principles upon which I ground my Judgment. Genius
is defined here in both their arts, genius is the power of
making impressions. The question then is, which artist
is capable of making the strongest impressions, which
can impress upon the mind most strongly, a sublime or
a beautiful idea? Does the sublime passage in Milton
or the sublime painting of Michael Angelo create a stronger
sensation in the mind of a man of taste than the sublime
painting of Michael Angelo? Or to put the two cases more
completely make the parallel more complete. Can
Michael Angelo convey to you a stronger impression of the Last Judgment
by his painting, than Milton could by his Poetry? Could
Michael Angelo convey a more sublime idea of Death by his
painting than Milton has in his Paradise Lost? -- These are the
principles upon which "divine art" is to be degraded below
Poetry. Addressed to my affectionate brother S.S. Morse.
