evening, whose tranquility and repose renders it, the fit precursor of the Sabbath
Imagine the terrible place in your sitting room; all the windows open
and I am sure it, first, the housekeeper pouring out tea, next her Miss C. Berland,
next her poor mother whose looks speak love as often as you ever mentioned, and
that was not, unfrequently, I assure you, in your mother's right, put my sister,
out whom was your father in his long, green, stippled study gown, his apostolic
smile responding to the eye of your mother when his arm for his
throne: I was placed -- and an honorable post, I understand it -- at his right
hand. -- There, the peace for you, -- Can you paint it? Neither of your letters
was at home. In the course of conversation your mother informed me
that she had written on Tuesday, and would forward one from me, which
is the point of information I have been endeavouring to come to, ever since I began;
that is, to tell you how I came to write at all at this eleventh hour. Now too
you may understand the meaning of the. However, in the first sentence of this
paragraph whose connection I intended should have been a little more evident
it means that, inclination and Opportunity which has hitherto been laying me at
cross purposes, at last has met.
Your politics, opinion by your letter have merged a letter, that
is to say, have become anti-British. This was to be expected from the nature
of your situation among an old and haughty people who affect, and I
doubt not feel, a contempt for the abstractions of this Western world. But
though their pride went satisfaction, yet were you here, and did you
fully comprehend our present inability to better it, you would agree with
the wisest part of the community that fortune should be the judge of virtue
of those who have not power. At the same time I should feel a little inclin ed
to question the warmth of your patriotism, all things considered, had
you none of these feelings. -- Hope before you return you will have
an opportunity of seeing the pictures once stolen -- the plunder of Italy, with
