have for one or two brothers, are not to be considered, as part of your
allowance to be made a separate charge. By the way, I wish
you to ask some person who can inform you whether Dr. With-
ner has published another of his that he has sent it
out to me by the first conveyance. Any other publication
of Robert Hall's is explaining all that he has published
up to for months ago, I hope has not been sent.
Your Mother has read one he writes to you. The advice she has
given you is entirely agree with me and I repeat, your brothers are
writing quite all you what isoping among us we shall send you pamphlets
of pamphlets of all the reliable Ball, who is much your friend,
will furnish you with all the events which will be interesting to you.
Your success interests your friends here. Love are often in con-
sequence, congratulated. I hope it will neither make you vain, nor
lead you to remit your exertions to acquire eminence in your
art. Nothing great is ever accomplished without severe labor
perseverance. You have begun well. I do hope there will be
no falling off hereafter. In your situation dangers beset you
on every side. Believe my dear Son. Be careful with persons
you associate your companions will give you your public character.
If you mean to be respectable, respect the character of young men, those
more advanced in life who are respectable despised for your
confidence and friends. Messrs. Wilberforce, Thompson, Macarthy,
McIntosh, the Border of have shown a disposition to notice your
By all means receive their polite attention, keep up your acquaintance
with them. I have made a worthy their respect. Sparta-
Do this for my sake, as well as your own. Obtain as many
of the tickets for the letter from reflection if you can obtain no more
as you cannot be Buchanan and thus moves if you can obtain them
be very gratifying to us.
The Germans had a fine fun house but
wrecks indeed in the birth to their great grief. Disappointment this of
poster's have built a new meeting house (it was dedicated by the Boston
Association) have published a pamphlet in their own vindication.
Examinations very groundless Mr. Bodman. This will probably
open again the controversy which it was hoped had been happily
terminate. The affair of Philip H. Allen his 4th Gov. has
not yet been settled is ago brought up a fresh in an
about to publish a pamphlet on the subject in my own
indication this will probably lead to a controversy.
