Since Mr. Perceval's assassination, there has been no admin-
istration, they are hard put to it, to form a new one; it is gen-
erally thought, and universally wished that the first member
of the new administration will remove the Orders in
Council, if so, peace will be restored, and America I think
should not make peace with this country on any other
terms;
I have just received your British Packet your letter par-
cel containing the shells of your new edition of Georgy. I am go-
ing down to tomorrow or the next day into the city to see Mr. Brown-
field on the subject and I will endeavor to do as well as I can
with it: what is the reason the end of neither Vol. is with the rest
they both end abruptly?
The book on the Prophecies by Mr. Smith I sent to Mr.
Burder as I could not attend to it myself, I very seldom
see Mr. Burder, he lives out of town about 8 or 9 miles, and
I have not time to go there; with respect to letters of introduc-
tion, I have delivered but few, to day I delivered Mr. Macar-
lay's he was not in, but I left the letter, and my card, he lives
4 or 5 miles from me in the city; Mr. Wilberforce I have not yet
delivered but will in a day or two; I must here quote a passage
from one of your letters of July 17. 1811. It is this, "visit the houses of
"those to whom you have letters as frequently as you find will be quite a-
"greable to them, useful to yourself, and compatible with a due attention
"to your professional pursuits, remember the latter are your prime
"object, and nothing must interfere with them, but every thing be made
"subservient to them." now I find if I deliver all my letters
it would employ all my time to keep up the acquaintance,
and as I feel the importance, and even necessity (if I would
employing my whole time and attention to the
pursuits of my profession, I hope you will pardon my
remissness in neglecting to deliver those letters which my
2 wht gave me great pleasure, and at the same time, the
June 8th 1812 parcel containing the shells of your new edition of Georgy. I am going down to tomorrow or the next day into the city to see Mr. Brownfield on the subject and I will endeavor to do as well as I can with it: what is the reason the end of neither Vol. is with the rest they both end abruptly?
The book on the Prophecies by Mr. Smith I sent to Mr. Burder as I could not attend to it myself, I very seldom see Mr. Burder, he lives out of town about 8 or 9 miles, and I have not time to go there; with respect to letters of introduction, I have delivered but few, to day I delivered Mr. Macarlay's he was not in, but I left the letter, and my card, he lives 4 or 5 miles from me in the city; Mr. Wilberforce I have not yet delivered but will in a day or two; I must here quote a passage from one of your letters of July 17. 1811. It is this, "visit the houses of those to whom you have letters as frequently as you find will be quite agreeable to them, useful to yourself, and compatible with a due attention to your professional pursuits, remember the latter are your prime object, and nothing must interfere with them, but every thing be made subservient to them." now I find if I deliver all my letters it would employ all my time to keep up the acquaintance, and as I feel the importance, and even necessity (if I would employ my whole time and attention to the pursuits of my profession, I hope you will pardon my remissness in neglecting to deliver those letters which my
