and dare not do it themselves. To sum up my sentiments thus in
a few words, I believe that in declaring war America has
acted justly, that had she done otherwise she would have, been
justly entitled to the epithets so liberally, (before the war) bestowed upon
her of cowardly, imbecile, & the like, that the American
administration were impudent to say the least in not having prepared
before for such an event; I think that the American character
has risen beyond the bounds of the most exaggerated expectation,
since the declaration of war, we are raised from "mere descendants
of convicts," to a level with a nation who pride themselves
as the first in the world, and by whom, not only by all the powers
on the continent, but by England herself as proof of this I could quote
passages from every paper in the country, I would certainly amuse you
to see the difference in the tones of the public prints from what
the war, they were filled with abuse of America, and I have quoted in
my other letter instances, how do they speak of her now? with sneers
& contemptuous insinuations? No; with the greatest respect, they
now for the first time claim relationship with us, and speak of
us as deserving an equal standing with themselves. But I
must abruptly close as I am to send this directly. You will
have heard before this arrives, of the glorious news from Russia,
Buonaparte is for once defeated, and will probably never again
recover from it. With respect to the Geography I shall see Mr.
Thornton, (who is now reading it) about the practicability of publishing
it here. Richard asks if it is the custom in England to walk
fast, or is it peculiar to M. King. It is the custom, for they
rather fly than walk. Mr. Stewart, I feel quite flattered at his remembrance of me, tell him that by coming to England, I know how more justly to appreciate his great
merits, there is really none in England, who equal him. I omit much for want of time. I shall write again soon.
Love to all friends. A lieux! Yours Vc. H.
* I have seen extracts from Italian, Dutch, & Swedish papers, which speak in respects
of the rising greatness of America, on account of her naval successes.
