June 1st
we ordered the baggage. I got out about ten o'clock.
We found the roads very bad, great part of the way
it continued dropping, and when we got within about
2 1/2 miles of the house, it rained in torrents and the
wind blew very hard. -- It is about nine or ten miles
from the City. -- We found W. Litchfield sick in bed
& W. S. had just before got out for home with him
due to the weather. -- W Jackson returned and
with Thomas Litchfield went to City. I addressed to buy the
road by North Brick street -- we got out immediately
after dinner (the temperature at that time was night)
we have the roads well cut to better this morning)
a boy doing for J. Richardson more -- I left me get
within half a mile of the house we had a dreadful
ride, not only from the road being bad, but having
to pass the fields which part of the way the branches
of the trees being full of rain in breaking up the
baggage cut us very nearly altogether we had a disagreeable
ride, but got home in good time. --
after breakfast D. S. went to the Office. -- Permission
had by W. Dinsley came to write with the parties of
lending -- D. S. came about one o'clock -- went
back with a Mr. Johnston & got out to go to M. S. & goes
to an office which the mail service has. -- W. S. was
called, but would not stay all night. -- I came
home about dark. -- The men while worked very
badly and made more dirt than ever seen by
white working only. -- I got a letter from W. Dinsley
to go to W. Dinsley to see the work his men
had done -- Present two other men who worked
the whole night & did it over again -- We would
have preferred remaining with the City water rather
than have had so much trouble and dirt. --
We have found that the President is wrong. -- D. S.
went to the Office. -- He went about one o'clock
to George Town to wait on the President -- brought
home 2 horses to dinner -- those horses he had orders
to turn out was made to leave in honor. -- At
White came in to leave the horses. -- The President
intended turning to receive an address from the inhabitants
of Georgia from the Governor Town. -- D. S.
went out after dinner returned home with W. Cannon
iningham -- W. Litchfield came to stay all night. --
D. S. went to the Office. -- W. Litchfield called --
invited him this night to tea. -- W. Kinsey has written
to invite them also. -- W. Litchfield came to
dinner -- While we were at table D. S. called to
W. Kinsey -- W. Kinsey dropped came early. -- The President
came in about three o'clock. D. S. had a
horse got ready & with some thing gentlemen received
him to the Capitol. -- He slept first at
his house of the Treasury Office. -- He travels in
a horseless car -- and is going to lodge at Camer
lidge Tavern in the Capitol Hall. --
June 2nd
Wednesday 2nd
June 2nd
10 a.m.
we found the roads very bad, great part of the way
it continued dropping, and when we got within about
