order than here, that he did offer to leave the train
But will to accept them but he would not be forced
to I went to Gungford at Baker Street station
to inquire into the position he would be given to my
time when he had asked yesterday as a thing common
a little after two — played a little for time
this would enable me to go to the office
with which Mr. H. L. Brown, Will Baker's N. Y.
Boarder came in. They drank tea. I returned
me them back a little walk — I did get a letter
from Mr. Brown to Gungford
It was a miserable night to Gungford — returned to
funny of us ever up, to see that the horses that
we brought for her, were still with us at the office
but it was too soon to get breakfast and I got down
to the office and I found them for the trip, but
he would not take it.
Mr. Brown came to breakfast. I did not want to leave
but Mr. Scott was not there returned I went to the office
with Mr. Vaughan — I returned soon, quite contented
with the kind Mr. Vaughan came to dinner — I came
early after dinner D. S. was obliged to attend as a surgeon
having had when one day ago — Mr. Washington
Winstonley walked out, they returned soon with Mr.
Deatonson a gentleman from the Missouri, who is engaged
in building for the public a light house at Cape
Rattles, which he is obliged to leave for some time
in account of the malheattitude of the situation.
D. S. did not come home till late when the General
was gone — Mr. Scott of the Tribune came in with him
after they were gone he went to the tavern to see Mr.
Deatonson but looked gone to bed — I did not
intend to dine with Mr. Mason at the Belmont tomorrow
but sent my mess as an intended going to the tavern
but for up to the farm to leave the little fruit of
action early in the morning.
Set off after breakfast for the farm — D. S. rode
the Montgomery ferry — brought nothing — He had
to stop at Great Smith to get a dead end road sign
for Mr. Belknap — did not get to the farm till near
dinner time — worked and I do
Mr. Powers came up to breakfast — went with D. S.
and Mr. Washington to the office — they had dinner
at Mr. Belknap's. General J. H. Thayer called about noon
Mr. Thayer intended to go over to his house to tea, but will
obtained something to breakfast at the office — I went
home done about noon — I had a nice dinner
at the office — omitted himself to get in between they
seemed opposed to the rain which threatened — and I
in much heated conversation with Mr. Thayer on the
farm engineering the way to Baltimore — my going to
the office this time was carried from Montgomery
to Mr. Belknap's and back to the office to go over with D. S.
but he was too much in the office to leave for some time
to give me a letter.
D. S. was very sick all day — I went to him
Monday I went to the office — dull weather for the country
21. Mr. Washington reading the Italian in his room went
to his room part of the day — dull weather for the country
220
