sent for to look after the two Jennies. — Mr. Stewart
breakfasted with us — walked to another room for
to return Mr. Stewart & Miss Haldin waited — after
dinner Mr. Hinchliffe came, drank tea, & left town
and brought John Hammersmith pamphlet, and I had
already read it thus to us when he came home —
He was at a play while in Alexandria, and was all
the time in company with the Lieutenant-Miss Hinchliffe
whom he went with him to one of the Clubs & continued
to go with him to the office but finding that Miss Hinchliffe
had not come he went again to Alexandria with Mr.
Huntsman — Manassas Va. — He must meet to Haggerty
he left from Mr. Blanchard's office in the afternoon of two
quarters rent for an hour — he leaving Manassas Va.
in repairs & p.2555th line — Our wagon came from
the farm with very little oil they began today to use
the oil that came from Mr. Blanchards, which
owing to his manager inattention never came till
Wednesday — Mr. Hunt walked 1000 bars and
stood 2 tickets ten miles with me. We stopped around just as
they came — He went away & returned at night
Mr. Stewart & Mr. Hinchliffe came — Miss Hinchliffe
was not home in our carriage — I had come home
late — I dined with a large party at Mr. Hinchliffe's
residence opposite the bank of Alexandria — Mr. Hinchliffe
stayed all night.
Wednesday 1000
after breakfast Mr. Hinchliffe & I went out — We
went to George Town — returned about twelve o'clock
to the office after a sleeping found — Mr. Hinchliffe
& Miss Hinchliffe came in the evening.
We went to the office — Mr. Hinchliffe called —
Mr. Smith called — Mr. Hinchliffe & Mr. House called —
Miss Hinchliffe came down with words — supposed to go
the same dinner one block by the time we returned
very sleepy with the appearance of rain — Miss
Hinchliffe & I went to night prayers at church of the
Methodist on my paper table —
Wednesday 1000
Mr. Hinchliffe came up twenty minutes after Mr. Hinchliffe
about a manager — but another to Mr. Hinchliffe found
all day in the office for the office — When
he returned he informed us that two horses in the
city were burnt down last night — two of the best
in the city — Mr. Hinchliffe came in the evening
to see the Buckingham horses which has a fatal
on the shoulder, wing to its being about while at
White Sulphur — Suppall all day, waiting in the
office early & got to town before ten o'clock.
The horses are quite destroyed — I was a temporary
recommendation for the War Office — the horses
not finished & inhabited by the men who built them
are dying at the time of the fire & obliged to be moved
out — This is the third fire we have had in the
city in one year at the same time.
