with them returned about one o'clock -- They went
home -- We with my husband after breakfast went to
Dinner at Mr. Washington's (Nancy went) living in Gray
Town -- And there besides us Mr. St. Simon, Mr.
Whitworth, Miss Brown from the City, Mr. Farman
& two Mr. Johns -- Saw there a Miss Thomas from
Annapolis who won a visit to Mr. Washington, a pleasant
girl -- I came to the two Washingtons with
their two children & Miss Cuttle -- They live about nine
blocks from the moon house, the hill lying very steep
& bad in George Town -- They had in Federal Street
young Ladies around till one of the Ladies brought
in conversation with Mr. Washington respecting Mr. Blagheple
he said he meant to contract in a few days with Mr
Warburger for lumber to the amount of $10000 -- I that
hope the ladies will go on, even if Mr. Hardeman
is refractory.
Wednesday 15th
Another Spring Day -- While we
were preparing to go the farm Mr. Wil. Peter Wilkerson
called -- Mr. Wilkerson brought a note from his brother in town
Mr. K. Crawford to Dr. T. for the two Chinese girls he
had promised Judge Washington some time ago -- He
gave them back a note to Mrs. Brownes for them, telling
got them from her in exchange for common ones of
equal size -- and now out of the farm --
about two o'clock arrived at the farm where we
have not been since the 26 Novr 1809 -- Morning
Mr. Wilkerson's Grape Vines --
Thursday 16th -- A beautiful day -- Mr. Diggins, upon
of 70 years of age walked from his farm, at last a
nucle a half, to garden -- Threw a Negro Lad of him
named the & 10 Grammer besides clothing -- The
walker home the we offered him a horse or the
courage -- I passed some of the pieces respecting
Genl Washington in a book -- and worked at a small
piece in Latin which has been a German long time and
after walked to the new piece of post trail home
refusing to enclose the new orchard which Dr --
had this year to plant, with trees of his own graft
ings from the best fruits he could collect --
Friday 17th a pleasant morning, green oaks about from
Dr -- began to plant the orchard -- In the afternoon
went to visit Mr. Diggins to whom we had sent in the morning -- Begun to rain before we
set off -- we returned in a storm of rain from --
now there the Wolf Blakes, from the Eastern three
gentlemen to Mr. Diggins -- very beautiful fishermen
girls apparently -- There was also Mr. Chamberlain
a visitor to them -- This had been in the morning
see the bridge at the bottom Falls of Potomack --
274
