We entered Caswell Ct. a few miles on this
side of Long's - I reached Caswell Ct House a
little further in the evening - The Landlady resembled
Mr. Witherson but looked not so pleasant
"There's a train - let down" -
The soil is sandy I went now again see some
trees - Propped Mr Williams about 4 miles
on this side of Long's - Did not know it or
would have stopped to breakfast there. -
Mr. W. has sick with the Goshen cholera Belonging
to his Order with Mr. Granger the Governor Proctor to
visit a place about 4 miles distant said to be
a fine residence - Returned about 4 o'clock after being
satisfied that there was no danger the gathering
parties being only Brigades - We dined in Hotel
and left off for the Red House - 1000 graves was
the whole of Caswell & some fine farms & Has
is a beautiful Mill property & houses are quite accom-
modated ladies & children - I left a message for
Mr. Witherson - I stopped at a Brewhouse of Mr Granger
about 2 miles off for 5 o'clock to look at a fine house
called Pine Blue - had a very disagreeable ride this
afternoon - crossed a ford called Country Line
bridge where there is bridge which is cut off from
road for 3 miles not being able to see the road
crossed by the departed horses by lightning, and at
last reached the long expected Red House at the
moment that the rain commenced, which was very
violent attended with thunder & lightning we had
to go for half an hour or more without lighted
another miserable room, the passage was also attended
with rain and lightning - I left the house
about 10 o'clock in the evening - I slept in the
house of Mr. Witherson, left leaving my horse
in the house, not wholly whole rain - and I have
arrived at the post as soon as possible the house
must have provided yesterday for numbers
of people - I left off for the post and arrived at
W. Jefferson where I slept about 10 o'clock
to daybreak - I slept in the house of Mr. Witherson
about 10 o'clock in the morning - I left the house
at 10 o'clock in the morning - I slept in the house
of Mr. Witherson about 10 o'clock in the morning
to daybreak - I slept in the house of Mr. Witherson</Line
