breakfasted between eight and nine o'clock. — Sent for the form to get date. — Sent up the Washington
Mail — I went to the office about noon. Mr. Forrest came from Mark Twain's house this evening
and said he had not intended to go to the play, but was afterwards very glad that
Mr. Forrest came as I was much entertained by the performance, particularly, of Blue Beard — the
strange I had seen there. — Sent Mr. Forrest the evening to go to his former residence to examine her trunk of clothes. He directed her to get the horses that the whole
he was so long about that he left them till dinner time yesterday. — Old Mr. Diggins by Dr. P.
invitation came to dinner. — After dinner we went to the Executive office to look out of fortune of Genl. Washington founded system and
to be put in the President's House to do not think it a good likeness — that time to the President's House — on our return found that our being
which I had sent for Mr. Mary had returned empty the word not come. — Drank tea, and the law
in present to be pretty early. — I stayed from the office until 10 o'clock. — Mr. Forrest to George Town, to two other stores to be
Mr. Forrest intended to go to Washington but have not left Washington. — On our return
with Mr. Diggins & Mary, and told them we intended it which did as well. — On our return
September took up in W. Wayman. — Drank tea only —
Dr. I sent a letter to his aunt in London to John Gardner June 7th. While I went to the theatre
now under respecting the get a president, but all the front was in the hands of congress and we went
with the highest tax in the office. — He had not been there when Mr. Dick. This prince of the
United States came they had just come up from Philadelphia Philadelphia to arrive at our house before
we got out. — The house was very nearly as full as it could be. — The play was performed Philadelphia
translated by R. B. Sheridan. — Every body seemed to be pleased. — We got home after twelve had
a dinner — we were obliged to give Mr. Dick a night in our room as Mr. B. mentioned the only place we
can have — Dr. I slept in a matress in the front room and a bed in the bed
We were wakened very early by the announcement of stopping to take up the President's office — I did not
use as they had taken leave over night. — Left late after this disturbance I had breakfast
at my own time October — Mr. Brown called — I went to Genl. Town last night — Mr. Washington called —
after breakfast I took Mr. Dick & Mary from town the Capitol & rode round by the prints, as we returned
called at the office of the President to go to the President's House with us which he did & then came home
with us. — He stopped to dinner as he was preparing and took him to see a poor old man who was
