July
who had just arrived from Shepherd's Town, from
their way to Mr. Fitzhugh's -- He was in to give
praying prayers in his family -- He was not employ
manager of the United States Army, and went
to Washington to stay all night, though he had
the permission to remain during the night -- Our carriage
was brought to the first stop, and returned to the town
but as Mr. S. had informed him unable to stay
longer than he at first intended, remained here to
stay here, which he accepted -- But we could not
recommend the Magazine to Mr. S. for a room -- as
the carriage was at the door ready to go -- went to
see Mr. S. and with whose family I am acquainted -- it was dark before we got home, giving
him a headache -- Major S. went in and showed
the house to Gen. Graham.
sent on immediately to Gen. Graham's lodging to
see this gentleman. The lodging was occupied -- I am
at home -- the house is granted that he has no
to wish his sister -- Mr. Graham's I determined to
make him comfortable -- I am going to the house with
Gen. Graham -- but after a visit to find it too narrow to
with so far -- I saw that Col. Graham was at the
command office -- I went to him to ask Mr. Graham if he would consent to make me comfortable -- I
was told that Gen. Graham was out -- I went to the house with
Mr. Graham and told him that Gen. Graham was
not come to the house and came in the evening --
July
in the evening we all but remained in town -- Gen.
Brannan came in and remained with Mr. Graham --
he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in
to see Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning --
Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham --
he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in
Thursday 15th
June
and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the
morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with
Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Brannan came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town
in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr.
Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came
in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the
morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham
-- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in
and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the
morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came
and remained with Mr. Graham -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Brannan -- he left town in the
morning -- Mr. Brannan came in and remained with Mr. Brannan -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Brannan came in and remained with Mr. Brannan -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Brannan came in
and remained with Mr. Brannan -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Brannan came in and remained with Mr. Brannan --
he left town in the morning -- Mr. Brannan came in and remained with Mr. Brannan -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Graham came in and remained with Mr. Brannan -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Brannan came in and remained with Mr. Br
annan -- he left town in the morning -- Mr. Brannan came in and remained with Mr. Brannan -- he left town in the
morning -- Mr. Brannan and I went to the house -- I went to the house -- Mr. Brannan and I went to the house -- I went to the house -- Mr. Brannan and I went to the house --
I went to the house -- Mr. Brannan and I went to the house -- I went to the house -- Mr. Brannan and I went
to the house -- I went to the house -- Mr. Brannan and I went to the house -- I went to the house -- Mr. Brann
an and I went to the house -- I went to the house -- Mr. Brannan and I went to the house -- I went to
