Saturday 22d of Feb 28
evening
very bad condition
of the city of Washington
that they were going to
obliged to join them there
to get their
parties late, but time enough to hear part of the
service of the Creation spoken by Mr. Welsh on the
college boys. I am about piece of poetry by another
Master Lynch of this city -- About noon we
returned home to dinner, I returned immediately after
to George Town, when Dr. S. stopped at the bridge
we provided to the Church where after a prayer by
Dr. Benjamin Welsh saluted a funeral sermon
to the people of the city of George Town, giving them
their respect to the late Genl Washington -- but
the society is too small for them to equal in firing
the other cities, but they did their best -- there
were about 1000 people assembled at the church.
Mr. Lynch Kinggold came in the morning -- went
to purchase half one of the English horses --
I wrote to his father & brother in law I
signed this letter to his father in law, if he included
them one to Mr. Scott of Baltimore to be forwarded
to Mr. Washington
by different opportunities -- sent them by Mr.
Henry Forrest of George Town -- at some time
sent in a note to invite Mr. Warburg to dinner
on Tuesday with some more gentlemen --
Mr. J. W. H. Forrest called & drank tea with us
on their way home from George Town --
I went to Mr. Scott -- from there to Mr.
Youngs to dinner -- But not staying late --
Engaged all the morning in arranging things for
dinner -- Dr. S. wrote to Mr. Scott in answer to
a letter regretting his former concerning a man
amount to be excited some future day on the Capitol
between two & three blocks the gentlemen came
to dinner on -- Judge Marsham, Templeman, Longs
Pollock, Lee, Law, President, &c. &c. &c. -- They
seemed to be all in good humour -- After dinner
at Dr. S. request I played two or three songs the
trains for the being in the dining room, and then
with others -- They all went about dark except
Pollock whom Dr. S. accompanied to Mr. Scott's
to see Mr. Scott's surprise -- I wished never
to unite Ireland & Philadelphia, but most of the
gentlemen having times could not unite with me
but appearing to slight others -- Mr. Washington
& Mr. Young were asked but did not come --
Dr. S. took his leave to Philadelphia to the post office
and stood at the Commissioners office till dinner
went in the afternoon to Mr. Lands -- to pray them
283
