Monday April 1st 1844
I went with Mr Smith Tabbert to
the opening of the National Institution
at the Presbytarian Church on 42d N.
there was a large assembly of Gentlemen & Ladies
the Board now formed with cordial attention
the setting was commenced with a prayer by Mr Butler
followed by a short address from the President of the U.S.
introducing the Hon. Mr Walker as Director & President
of the King of the Society
I came away after
Mr W's long eloquence on American Genius & American Institutions
Political I learned
I thought he might have introduced a slight & timid
reference to the efforts of the late Columbian Institute
who possessed the purest more Instructive Deliberation
on the efforts to dispense useful knowledge!
April 25th
On Sunday last died Judge Baldwin
brother to Mr Thompson I went there on Tuesday
and the Wednesday afternoon
the remains with
his wife & her Sister (Mrs Worthill) came to examine that
burial -- & as so many persons came there (Mrs Wilson
Mr. Jones & daughter) besides all expected I thought it
but to come home -- Mr W's did not hear that they
were coming till dinner time -- it was much appreciated
buried -- having obtained his uncle lately the invariable
to give about except on matches -- which is particularly
indifferent at this time.
Wednesday June 5th 1844 --
My old friend Mr S. Harrildson, the was struck with
apoplexy this morning about 5 o'clock --
On Thursday night he departed this life -- to the great
respect of relatives & friends & acquaintances & He was
universally & deservedly esteemed by all who had any
interection with him --
Monday 6th -- I yesterday attended the funeral of my
lamented friend Mr Rock Brick Church -- where he
was departed in a shout by the side of her two beloved
Daugther -- in the presence of a respectful & respectable
assemblage of friends & relatives -- Now solemn are
their warnings to those who must soon follow him
to the dark tomb -- & to judgment! -- the
judgment will be judged mercifully for he was charitable
generous hospitable -- a good wife and other & friend --
June 21st Friday -- I have just returned from the
funeral of J. D. Miller only for Walter Jones Miller
only six years old -- He spoke of him much
disturbed at this loss, he was a fine promising boy
was ill upwards of a fortnight -- I suffered much
they have three girls -- I give you for my friends!
360
