Saturday 18th a very windy night -- Clear cold day.
Write a letter to Col Thomson to take up my
pages in planting trees -- Read 8 watches in the bed
Sunday 19 -- a cold windy day -- I wrote to Will
Brady Thomson I have a long letter in answer to me
received from him the latter of the 17th -- I am the
tenant of 25 -- engaged with Mr R. H. Smith during the
part of 1876 probably from to make a profit I am sure
on the ground of 2000 pounds of wheat sold -- Read
"Peter Sheridan's Patriot Chief" -- "Guns up" -- "Inバー
Leviathan in America"
Monday 20th very hot day -- More pretty early
I after breakfast set off for town -- found the roads
about half the day now bad -- I got home about
seven o'clock -- I wrote with the receipt of that
Thursday 22nd January 1877 January 22nd I paid for my
Washington Houses --
Tuesday 21 -- I got up very early in the morning
to visit Raleigh for his account of the money to be
returned for the same Houses, which he enclosed with
his own to Col. Dear -- The Executive meeting at this
time at Mr. Warren -- Sent a letter Thursday 22 to
Mr. Law, who returned yesterday from Mr. Warren --
Dr. L. was at the Office in the morning, on the evening
he wrote to Mr. Manry, American Consul at Liverpool
respecting a boat of Wedgwood Ware, if some things
& books, which are sent to him for, thru our friend
W. Lin in March 1799 & which have not yet arrived
Write also to Mr. Chorley, on whom his father in law
had one months wages empowered him to draw for a
thousand pounds sterling, acknowledging his letter mentioning
that his bills would be paid & expecting his desire
to have the next remittance sent out in 1000 pounds --
And these letters will go to his cousin Jane Thornton
at Lancaster, Engls. to Mr. H. Smith to be forwarded by
the Chicago journal from Baltimore --
Wednesday 22 -- Cold & windy -- I left the office
all the morning -- In the afternoon went for up to the
same to settle a house, as he intended to go the night
away to Mr. Biggs at Barabanton -- He began a letter
to Dr. Canton & was interrupted by a visit from Mr. Jason
Murphy, who had not come from Mr. Fairfords in Virginia
to whom he was about selling City Lots & wished to know
something concerning Divisions & other ye -- Having arrived
in the part of England where Dr. L. was domiciled
they had a great deal of conversation respecting old
regiments, he said pretty late --
Thursday 23 -- A beautiful day -- Mr. Potter called
as Dr. L. was preparing to set out with Mr. Brent to
278 W. Biggs & mentioned that he thought he was in
