when we found not every one of us in the morning for Baltimore
on our return called at the Patent for Mr. Duffin
and for a little while I found a large company
but the President went early in the afternoon to
Mr. Duffin's -- came home and gave them
their final to bed.
But he is to train to Market -- must have again to
with our Comp. to Mr. H. Forest that we would
be here in the afternoon -- they are out of town -- they
the Company of Mr. W. Spencer with me to follow
Mr. Chandler -- Mr. Gannett -- we must also to Mr.
Chandler's office -- when we came home found
Mr. Duffin was gone to dine at Mr. White's -- after
mine order down to me Mr. H. Forest, went thence
to Mr. DeBolt's -- Mr. Duffin's family were there --
found Mr. Duffin at home when we returned. He went
to Mr. White's room to get on Mr. Marshall's Secretary
office -- Mr. Duffin invited him to leave with us --
the Commissioners leave but him a room in the
President's house.
Left for with the boat to be carried -- and bearer
of Mr. Potter's family would come to him -- and left
to carry 2 minute boys to Mr. Simpson -- had a
large throng at Mr. Simpson's office at the door for the departure
of the boat -- closed a couple of Mr. Spilenter's figures
& put them in the drawing room -- Mr. Duffin
received an invitation from the citizens of
Alexandria to dine with President tomorrow --
Mr. Potter sent his boat to deliver our luggage --
Mr. Spilenter's house -- Frank V. Bannock came in --
Mr. Potter's house walked -- 2 p. m. -- I stayed at Mr.
White's house -- after tea we came down to Mr. White's
and I played -- there some pretty good Charles' Thesauriers which came from the fountain this
morning -- I went on the evening to Mr. Spilenter's
house -- Mr. Spilenter's house -- I had gone to Mr. Spilenter's house --
Mr. Spilenter's house -- I had gone to Mr. Spilenter's house --
Mr. Spilenter was only walked in -- returned -- left
before nine to breakfast -- ordered his horse &
got return called to speak about the President's house --
Mr. Spilenter called -- Mr. Spilenter's house -- I went to the President's house --
Mr. Spilenter's house -- I went to the President's house --
Mr. Spilenter's house -- I left Mr. Spilenter's house --
Mr. Spilenter's house -- I left Mr. Spilenter's house --
