June
to see French returned & Mr. Button sent some time
Mr. Howe stopped at the door and we Katherine
time I asked him but he declined as it was late
D. S went to Mr. Evans, who is returned to Louisville
we went to bed before he returned
Saturday 21st
Mr. Button brought yesterday a horse to find with one
of our carriage horses, and immediately after
breakfast we set out for the farm. I
went before on the English filly. — first as we
were getting into the carriage Mr. Long's servant
came with her horses to request us to go to
Mr. Toward who with Col. Toward are at
the Union Tavern in Grayson Town, coming to
Little in the Kentucky. — Sent her and me wearing
to the farm and would be glad to hear there.
It was a warm disagreeable ride, the roads in some
places being bad in consequence of the late
rain. — D. S stopped at several places &
did not get up till near dinner time. — We
drove all along the road the effects of the Louisville
by dead things in most of the trees.— Laurel
trees not touched.— We went into his young
orchard & cut off a great many branches of
the trees in which they had deposited their eggs
they pierce the bark and on the blade only there
is appearance of ten eggs in white things a little
24th
June
to Alexander to take his passage to Norfolk he
only found here and was in haste to go
after dinner Mr. Kinsey & Philip Robertson came also
Mr. Lewis & Genl. Marshall, they went to bed here
as soon as they were gone. Col. Toward called
after he went D. S was preparing to go to Mr.
Young's to see Bishop Bowelle when Mr. Washington
came— left him all night. — We have not
been alone a quarter of an hour since we
came home.
Wednesday 25th
Warm
Weather.
We went to the office & brought home to dinner
Mr. Button & Washington was unable to dine with
Mr. Stoddert but could not go as he has asked
these gentlemen leave.— after dinner Mr. Button
left & D. S called on Mr. Stewart (a Lawyer)
to employ him to act on the Governor's business
returned from 8 trains.— after tea we went to
