May
In England called Ladyship Stepper from its form
it is generally yoked, but the people say there
are white and white stripped and in some of
the Islands.
Set out after breakfast to come to town at 10
in the morning English time.— We forgot
to bring our keys, and had to stop on the road about
3 Miles from the farm while the servant went
back for them. We are so secure from the white
Devil as we are in the house at Grand Terrestre.
Got home about eleven o'clock.— I received
2 letters from Washington with the Bills, insurance
of the things we sent for Liverpool in March
1809.— he had wanted for an opportunity to deliver
our papers.— They arrived in the morning.— They
brought down the Washington Gazette with him, which
had been up to the 1st of October. He is going home again.—
We found nothing about dinner time, and to the office
to get 4 things to day, of this lot on 18th 25th which he
is going to build.— We went out when I found him
to be neither with us nor the President. I thought
he would have gone to the office, but he returned to town.
He was in the office at 10 o'clock in the morning.
We found him to breakfast, borrowed a dollar to
go to Washington to begin organizing this money
to be sent to the office.— I returned on invitation
to town at 10 o'clock to bring some papers and
money— though it was for tomorrow but I had not
time to go to the office.
May
have gone at any rate.— After dinner time I
came with Colby to the office, neither
of them to dinner, but they declined to stay
to see a few messengers. I looked who was in.— I
sent one of them forward to get with his office last night, if
not them a bill from some letter and some money.—
I went to the office to write— came when I
found it to be.— I left Washington in the
evening at 8 o'clock in the evening, going to bed
at 10 o'clock in the evening, wishing to see the
President and the President's family, but
found them not in bed, and I went out without
seeing them.
I received by the Southern Mail a letter from Mr.
Taylor, and one from Mr. Kincaid, enclosing the papers
and him with an order to be executed at the Boston
House in Springfield.— I did not, but there is a
little better time that he could give nobody but a
little boy to do it before.— I informed it to Mr. Kincaid
general to Captain Taylor where to bring up the papers
to write to Mr. Kincaid.— As I am not always
write every day I may now if then make mistake
it was to day not yesterday, that I may, enter
received an invitation to 10 o'clock to tea, and went
to the office at 10 o'clock in the morning.
Jefferson and writes to Mr. Jefferson, and
sent them to the office.— I copied his letter to Mr.
Jefferson into a book.— finished the running for
my machine blank, I enlarged my blot, I wrote
the letter to Mr. Jefferson.
Mr. Jefferson and writes to Mr. Jefferson, and
sent them to the office.— I copied his letter to Mr.
