August
Saturday August 19
1862
Long Island
Mr. Cox was ready to receive Bishop Barratt who
was to come at six o'clock to see the drawing of
the Church, but he did not keep the appointment
Mr. Deford a French gentleman from New York with
another letter from Mr. Mann of Georg Town
Mr. Colander stopped at the door of the post office
to wait for the bearer of a letter from Mr. Mann
It began to rain about noon, and rained tremendously for
two or three hours, our kitchen was made deep
in water & it was with difficulty they could get
water -- Mr. H. Gemme entered -- I drew at the
little pipe I began some time ago -- Mr. Daniel
Board Brent from Agana entered after dinner --
he had got four men to bail the water out of the
kitchen they came about 5 o'clock and worked
the about mine -- Mr. H. went to bed early --
We went out 8 P.M. not return till we had all
gone to rest -- A mail was received in letter or
press, Books -- and the stages were stopped to go
round -- I am now around at Rock Creek --
Draining in the morning -- and out with the horses
and 8 P.M. at the real dinner time -- After dinner
I went to see Mr. Baxter -- Mr. H. went to Bethany
and Thomas H. went to St. Thomas' -- We were
now drinking tea 8 P.M. with Mr. Baxter & Mr. Thomas
and Gillespie was going bye to our house, I stopped
from Mr. Williamson with them in -- We all walked
down to Pennsylvania Avenue -- some part of the
Government had been injured by the inundation on
Saturday -- we returned Mr. Williamson stopped
a little at our house -- the other gentlemen walked
in -- Mr. Thomas went a gun of powder which he
gave to Mr. H. and a Spanish bomb with twelve
political prints -- Mr. H. returned after dinner
visiting in one house all the morning -- Mr. Colander
from the office over dinner time with Mr. D. L. Brent, he was
not very happy -- About four o'clock we walked
to the Grand Hotel to see what progress is made
in the preparations making by Mr. Riggs for his
company to act in the theatre he is building up a large room
for the theatre of a few for dressing rooms --
he will be ready in about a week -- returned to bed --
Mr. Colander from the farm will better manage the
building of a play at the College -- While
we were at dinner Mr. King sent to know if we
were going -- for the company, having been such
earlier we came from St. Thomas got the boarding
we would tell in detail has been as we saw her
coming we sat off -- Mr. Washington had to carry
her they soon carried her out -- Mr. King was gone to
Bethlehem -- We got seats on the third Bench but
it was very crowded & hot -- and the entertainment
by an means made up for it -- The two best performers
after two years before -- all the rest but one
was almost men given -- it was intolerably stupid.
Got home about eleven o'clock.
August
Monday the
1862
August 20
Long Island
Monday August 20
1862
Mr. Colander
left for Washington
Mr. Colander left for Washington
Mr. Colander left for Washington
Mr. Colander left for Washington
