Liberty
a visit in their new house, & to me Mr. Nicholson
who had been with them, limited them to dine with
us tomorrow, but Mr. Law said he was too
much engrossed in arranging his house, &c. &c.
to wait to go home. — Mr. Law invited me to dine
with them on Friday, but we did not join a party
and I came home quite the reverse being bed
ridden in the "Well displayed" collection of adorn
ment of ladies' hats and dresses of Mr. Law's
son-in-law Johnson's lines of the Ladies.
Mr. Jones notified — Mr. Johnson called to inquire
from Mr. Law what rent I would ask for his
house in Brooklyn town. He wrote a note to Mr.
Smith saying the suit it him not wishing to enter
Mr. Jones met the case with the Code of United States
§ 2 which offers to let him the house for eighty pounds
per year of taxes & ground rent, provided he would agree
to vacate at two months notice if he sold it,
it would otherwise be bought — but he is determined
to sell it as soon as possible — He said he would
have an answer tomorrow. — I did nothing in Mr.
Clephan the furniture to acquire him to the possession
of the largest & best Glass at the Capitol for
him, as he intends to purchase some other Commodities
Mr. Clephan received a note from Mr. Law informing
him of a plan for his house to be built in
three weeks in five stories below the basement,
which I am promised to have done for him as he
had suggested the idea — The stable & barn
house are to be built at the bottom of the lot
of the whole yard to be covered over with brick
baguet, &c. provided one can not have a flat
terrace from the kitchen house all over to the
extremity of the lot. — I wrote a note to Mr.
Law inviting our dining with them tomorrow the
weather appearing now threatening — and it will be
just as good to go there tomorrow — Mr.
Jefferson in the evening drawing. — His new plan —
He remarked that he knew of Mr. Jones going up to
the Capitol — the case was so hard he desired Johnson
to send up to see if the gentleman who were to
sell their house would consent — Mr. Jones said
he would not consent & Johnson was here so that Dr.
Smith & Mr. Munroe went up about one o'clock —
These two gentlemen are to be consulted with the
committee to the Governor & Samuel Smith came
for the time obtained from the State — and they
had appointed to day to meet to prepare the
language proper to send to Congress by Mr.
William Smith of the Committee of Clerks —
Dr. Jones did not return till dark — the evening
very hot — I am tired to sleep & by nine o
clock at night the ground was covered — The
stage which generally comes between one o'clock
and two o'clock comes till the evening —
February
Friday 28th
2 o'clock day
rain, but
Wind
284
had suggested the idea — The stable & barn
house are to be built at
the bottom of the lot
of the whole yard to be covered over with brick
baguet, provided one can not have a flat
terrace from the kitchen house all over to the
exremity of the lot. — I wrote a note to Mr.
Law inviting our dining with them tomorrow the
