September laying out of him under a tree, nobody being ready
to take him in lest he might have the gills from
he came from Alexandria, where it is said there
has been some case. Dr. J. got him just into
the new stable built for the President his
man, etc. -- Mr. Wills called while Dr. J. was en-
gaged in this business -- Mr. Brown came just
as we had done dinner. About 9 o'clock the President
to take the Ladies home. -- after they went
Dr. J. did a house yet to go to Mr. Davis' if they --
I was writing when Mr. Field came, he brought
some miniature paintings to show us -- Dr. J.
came home to tea -- Mr. Wills rode with
him but did not come in -- Mr. Field returned
night by Dr. J.'s invitation --
Friday 19th
Warm
After breakfast Mr. Field Dr. J. went to Mr.
Wills' office. I went to wait on Mr. Scott -- Stanford
went to Mr. Wills' office -- Mr. Field then left us &
walked to George Town -- Mr. McGuire was not
at home but we saw his two daughters -- his wife
and the rest of his family are not come yet --
We went home to Mr. J. Mason's -- Mr. Mason
has just got a daughter -- I saw only Mr. Mason --
Mr. Marbury was visiting there --
after dinner Dr. J. went to the President's Office
to examine deeds for Mr. F. Fairfax -- then went
to the Committee's Office & wrote to him -- About
five o'clock Mr. J. Fisher called, he stood the
carriage at Mr. Mason's on our return --
Wednesday 20th
September
he found he declined us from going to the ferry --
but we and not him came in a hurry for the horses
was very thin but the night before they had only
about 4 -- The play was -- Love for the Ladies
referred to Mr. Thomas Hartman -- It was rather dull --
take it all in all you may see it like of a man --
trained a little when he came home from any
work -- The poor man died this evening --
Immediately after breakfast we proceeded to
go the farm -- Dr. J. sent to inquire Mr.
Hawkins, Freeman & Brent to dine with us
tomorrow at the farm -- they said they would
come -- We sat out about ten o'clock Dr. J.
stopped to speak to Mr. J. Fisher & to the Office
found all pretty well at the farm -- our
carriage were is sick & we came away again
named almost all the afternoon --
Wednesday 21st
During gloomy day began to enjoy a point in
the trains of Anathasis -- drew all day --
cleaned up in the afternoon -- Dr. J. reading &
walking about --
Monday 22nd
But for Mr. J. Fisher's will the carriage were
our food, which he is to raise on shares -- Dr. J.
intended to go to town, but it was too late by
the time the mare was caught -- there lay down
after several hours -- for I don't think
before he went because it looks like for Rain --
came home from Bathumberg around 8 o'clock --
