melons for a dessert. — The people might certainly
be better they have since their quitting the
port it appears to me that here as formerly is
possible to save as they can to send to market
which they do once a year, and with the return
expect they keep bringing land for they have
many fine attendants & none of the conveniences
of Lige. — Mr. Ston is a thriving 6 foot
Englishman, proportionally broad in the
shoulders & his daughter only 15 and fair to
equal her mother in age — The latter
seems a good kind of every body only visible
when he comes to eat or has work to do about
the house — We had Mr. Ston that we heard his
daughter was going to be married, he said he did
not but all the young fellows about our town
are here as it was known she would have such a good
fortune. — The latter has only between one
& two hundred acres of ground — He and
one neighbour are all the hands the opposite
make a hundred barrels of corn under one roof
in two days to do it — They send cheap butter
but butter is to butter as bluestock is to
blue — His daughter was married a few days ago
— They had a grand wedding near two hundred
people — Mr. Ston says they danced of course &
no fiddle but musical fiddlers — We might
to have come to the present instead of the former.
We did not think some more travellers came this
way as they & the family all went to the town
to sleep & left me a fellow coach —
We had yesterday Mr. Ston much pleased when I
said he was a fellow shop — for yesterday was
a day lost — This town indeed has had no
merit as the people generally find great fault with
the country that is between & I made up the land
it was all pasture an unjust & extraordinary form
of property. — Milton & H. H. Smith
are gone to hunt for gold — We had a pretty good
breakfast of our own chocolate — since breakfast
I smoked. — By all the accounts we can obtain
there is good all over this country — at present
against that is found & Mr. Ston & Mr. Hutton
have taken it in stores they are to give half they
find to us at all expenses & only worth as long as
they please — The man that was here last
night came from the Carlisle country, says
the land is very rich, alls for 2 £ an acre & ten
dollars for every six hundred acres to the settlers;
a great many people go from there to Lancaster
but others come in their places & the country
is much thicker settled than I imagined —
but from what I can see they are all poor &
lazy. — I do not think I shall ever be
enabled to come here again, but if I do will
426
