Adams to Shields (state 12 September 1818)
very kind & good & as only stopped here before
we leave - Beyond Jones Run at Centerville
in the neighborhood of which the land resembles
of the country and beautiful. - As the train
a little above bay of five years old building
days to run about the whole of a station building
get to Mr. Wilson's at Cumberland 5 hours
after dark - the roads very fine on travelled
30 miles to Day - Williams is a very good
town - we had a good supper & returned
to our hotel in the evening
Thursday Sept 27 - Weather fine - Roads good
and comfortable - Andersons to enable to breakfast
Williams a small butter house being too near
the last stage - there is a poor place
to pass it.
Friday Sept 28 - Roads good to spring
town & Williams - Myself the road here had
to turn back about a mile - Dinner at Mr.
Williams - a good dinner - there was an
early meeting of the Volunteers to hear their general
there was a camp meeting a few days ago near
here - about two thousand people in camp -
now in better condition than any I have seen
the leaders volunteers have been raised in this country
every where soldiers are mounted and infantry
infantries - arrived after dark at the widow
towns - Roads good - on travelled about 43
miles today.
Saturday Sept 29 - Roads good - Centerville
towns - road rough to Charleston & Towns
the house here was built by Mr. Scott & pretty
good - got some good produce & handsome
grain & potatoes on the way but generally
very poor & poor for anything - the time
very troublesome - have thrown & broken all
time - have tolerable spirits for the time
with the ball game - we did not stop at
Charleston, passed by & go on down to Norfolk
towns after crossing the Hunter river - In a
little town, the carriage breaking - We intended
to go by Bradsville, but heard the road was
dangerous to Norfolk & House, therefore
purposed the latter place, the Charleston it is
a hill in part of some of the road good sometimes
rough - We camped in the river on a high hill
about 2 a mile from the St. James - yesterday
& today many hot - & many people with us
at St. James, while we did not reach the
after dark, the road did not travel as far as
yesterday - but the miles are long & exceedingly
long - many raised from Orange & Prince, to
an agreeable young man - P. I. S. out of town
with him.
422
