the met a narrow hill in the north side
of the plain upon the road which I asked
him if he could Mr. Bracken had
never agreeably surprised to find the
appearance of that road still conform
to me with better than expected
it bears a good growth of timber kinds
of trees, pines, pines & a variety of
hardwood thorns & it passes near
Thames river very well.
He sat out about 1/2 after two from Mr.
Barnes & during his return in the evening
to the account of stopping at Little
Bracken's we were surprised, very
curious, well led & good deal of time
to get over our narrow pass (but which
even without being able we not half the
time got into the evening) & walked in
police company one & two times & we
got safely to Little Bracken where we
stopped to stay as it was our last stop
to leave Wales. after had met with
no comfortable night at Mr. Yeadon's
for which I have paid 1s 6d
to Mr. Bracken to an early breakfast
after dinner we thought to go to
church but though I am sure I went
to Mr. Yeadon's father's house to offer
& returned by another post we found
the church barracked -- Mr. L. came
among us.
Mr. George Spofforth stood me a pint
of gin & a pint of tea and the appearance
of a man of common public character
& Mr. L. said he would have 600
shillings & more for both in me grain.
the size of a kicking ant, joined with
streaks of gold. Millions said that stone
is not even and rather like a piece of
paste & that it was worth about 10000
dollars -- Indeed that before he knew
that there stone contained so large a portion
of gold as would be found in any
other stone. The stone that he
was taking to have found a person who
was bringing stone from Rand Mine in Company
with him offered to buy one of them -- I think
he had a determination to give money for the stone
to the miners & that he would not
take it but he would take the stone home
to South Africa & I think he would
not make for it. The person who bought
the stone offered to give him a
thousand dollars & I think he would
not make for it. I think this stone is
near the Company's land & I find that
the people are quite a hostile people
on one side of the Rand Mine to the
miners on the other side of the Rand Mine.
Mr. George Spofforth stood me a pint
of gin & a pint & tea and the appearance
of a man of common public character
& Mr. L. says he would have 600
shillings & more for both in me grain.
