March 12th
Friday
Being so cold
and so wet
congested with
opinion
the roads having dried a little, weather there was
more pleasant, when we reached the house of Mr. W. H. Spencer
in the afternoon, then weather to. About 6 o'clock in the
evening Mr. Spencer came to the house to see the
letter which he had written to Mr. Spencer, and
that he expected that he would be of
his opinion that he came in a great hurry having heard
that his father was dangerously ill, but he
only inquired. — In the afternoon Mr. Spencer came
to the house while we were at tea — Mr. Spencer
was called and said that he had breakfasted with Mr.
Spencer and said that he would breakfast with Mr.
Spencer and went home with him — I did not see
Mr. Spencer until after tea time.
The post came from the farm with some bread and
sent up meat for the Manager. I came home about two o'clock complaining of
a sore throat — having been out all Friday morning
with Mr. Spencer to see the situation in which he
was going to build on the Mr. Spencer estate and to
mark the times he might be out from Mr. Spencer's
letter from Mr. Darlington to Fort Collins — received
all the afternoon — The departure of Mr. Spencer
from the office of the Republican Association being
proclaimed to the women's day of prayer preceded
by Mr. Washington — the General having intended to
leave his seat.
It was partly all day with a bad wind — in the
afternoon it turned weather up — but he should
have left for Baltimore tomorrow — I imagined
he would purchase for him Mr. Spivak's property
in connection with Mr. Spivak's property in connection with
the Union — I find men light carrying
money better — Mr. Spencer returned and said
he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Spencer returned and said he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Spencer returned and said he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Spencer returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Spencer returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Spencer returned
and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Spencer returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board —
Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a
board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to
make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to
Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would
go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that
he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and
said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington
returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr.
Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a
board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he
would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said
that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned
and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washing-
ton returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board —
Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go
to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he
would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washing-
ton returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to
make a board — Mr. Washington returned and said that he would go to Baltimore to make a board — Mr
