see some Baltimore stones. — stopped at an
armour to miles from the ferry to respect our
houses, it is kept by Mr. Henry Bolman an ex ch
porter from a strong remembrance to Genl. Washington
in 1776, and I was the only one of the army
who went to select at Williamsburg. Mr. Bolman
putt commended keeping Taverns & was very obliging
stopped to get water at Greenbriest town in
partly a few little plants of the Tulip tree & day
& leaving from the Ram or Patuxent River
descended 9 miles further to Potomac lands, within
about a mile of the house called Bridge on
Mulberry creek, where we enter Pennsburg Co.
They are very civil & obliging people.
Thursday was 16 — Our stop continued, the weather
shelter being shut at breakfasted at Mr. Ryley's
and got out about seven o'clock — crossed another
stream into Pennsburg Co. and arrived at
Shelburne in the parish of which Mr. Ryley
& travelled over bad roads, made camp
by the Ram, there a burning down of houses
much fatigued — stopped at Mr. Duvivier a
very pleasant place to respect our horses
at flat rocks in various places being a great
number of gravesites, planted some trees for
Mr. Duvivier — but before rising the hill there
is narrow enough flat rock Ram — which we enjoyed
Mr. Graves entertained us with that go'd had
been found in a few miles of the road. We
left this place and got on the magnificent land
in the parish of Mr. Ryley — Mr. Graves says we
came this part of Pennsburg Co. with
one of the small parts of Potomac Co.
and travelled 15 days from Philadelphia with
her and there an evening with an extensive
view of distinct country with houses scattered
about — The roads pretty hilly & bad —
about 7 miles from this place we stopped at
Mr. Chalmers — Chalmers is an eminent
man the reasonable people think that too much
fortune is cultivated for the good of the country
from Pennsylvania to South Carolina a large proportion
of the people of this country are smaller than
the rest of the people, when we enter Washington Co.
the road takes its turn — stopped at Mr. Duvivier's
where we had dinner & a good night — respectively we leave this
much fatigued & came on to Mr. Black's where we
stayed to inquire which was the best
town here as there are two on the river —
we think Mr. Black's was not a pleasant man —
man told us he was a friend of Genl. Washington
called him a Switzer — by which we supposed he meant
a dwarf which we found to be the case — The house is very
good & good land — the only really comfortable
house on this part of the bay — we find that we began transportation
— the women on this route are not such
intelligent persons & women as on the other route —
they are not like other planters & the ladies are more
of the same order — not so much house spirit as they
are in Pennsylvania this time is good deal quiet — said the ladies
