October
after dinner as White was passing to his office
and I sent him a letter which he has received for
the Commissioners from Capt. Marshall. He sent me
to the President would be here in a few
days, & his Lady soon after. -- Mr. Johnston came in
just as Mr. Claiborne had entered his house, a violent
quarrel began, which thundered throughout the
street, & when it left us a letter he went to
George Town, -- and Mr. Forrest to his lodging at
the Little Hotel. -- I came to my office
for a meal with the Ladies -- the office was down by
the Hotel. -- I went to the office. --
begin to work a trimming for a cambrick shirt.
23rd
train
Friday 24th
Windys
at the office -- working at my trimming --
after dinner we went to the Capitol, called on
Mr. Smith at Hills Tavern, went thence to
the Battles, I did not go in as Mr. D. was not well
sitting at Capt. Long's -- sat a little while only
as they are all very busy putting their house
right. -- quite came from Mr. King telling that
there was cattle in our lots -- sent for to drive them out.
October
25th
10 a.m.
sent the carriage out for Mr. Robinson, the same being
about noon while I was sitting at my furnace. I
came in with Col. Mason & his nephew, Alderman
from Virginia. Mr. J. Johnston -- they looked at the
plan of the Capitol & talked something to Mr.
King who was going, Mr. Fitzhugh & Mr. J. Thompson
& Capt. Thompson came up -- they sat a little while
Mr. Fitzhugh went to Mr. McFerthingh & Fitzhugh
letter in hand -- Major Thompson went with his
Sister to Alexandria -- Mr. J. Thompson remained
with us. -- We took a walk in the morning occasioned
by Mr. Forrest & purchased some glass --
Mr. Marshall came while we were at breakfast
just to speak on the subject of his lodging with us
but he concluded to take a house, as he thought his
family & servants would make it disagreeable to us.
Mr. Forrest having offered to lend him furniture
for the time he expected to stay, requested to determine
to take a house. -- I have been so much
exposed as not to be able to write every day regularly
by I have begun at the wrong end of the day.
Dr. L. brought Mr. Smith to town -- I sent to invite
Mr. Brent but the town made a mistake
& gentlemen we did not know came in. Mr. King
came in from the house and said he would not
have Mr. King laid out & neither mentioning that there were
callers on our lots. Sent for to drive them out,
he did not come in till very late.
Dr. L. went to Richmond late. I had to send to the house
& came home
442
