12. Genl. Washington to Genl. and Mr. White came
with D. I. on their return from the Capitol. —
5. D. I. walked part of the way home with Mr. White
in a carriage when he returned he went to the first office
to receive a letter of thanks for some time.
Mr. Johnston called to invite us to tea with his
mother tomorrow.
Thursday 5th
Five days
D. I. went to the office about noon and went to the Capitol
where an address was to be presented from the ladies
wives of Washington — D. I. went to the lawn and
with Mr. Johnston walked with the President to the
Capitol — the address was presented by Mr. Johnston
Mr. Johnston's speech being continued in time when
about to relate D. I. went to Mr. Johnston's house
and not so not bring any note. — The President
and his Secretary Mr. Johnston had dinner. A large
company were invited to tea — but there was
not a large party — The President did not come
into the drawing room. The tea was over. Vincent
immediately after — Mr. Branch his wife's niece
and home in the carriage with him. — D. I went
to the President's & followed him — Mr. Peters' family
were invited to Mr. Johnston's but Mr. Peters' language
prevented them from going into the President's
house.
D. I. went to the office — a man came from the
former with the letter to take off a wagon load
of clothes off Paris. — The President came in
from the office. — D. I. went to Congress Town at two
o'clock to dine by invitation with the President of
the United States at Mr. Langhorne's Tavern.
After dinner Mr. Johnston went to George Town to
see Mr. Washington's house at 8 o'clock — but the
carriage in for Mr. Johnston — D. I. went in with
his brother.
The President went away from the dinner
before sunset. — after we came home D. I. came
out and stood near late.
D. I. went to the office returned before me being
as the President told him he would call at that
time to see the ladies of the Capitol — He did
not come by his own belief & I have not slept
D. I. went to Mr. Forrest's where he met the President
at dinner — The President told him he
was so much obliged he had not time to call on
the returned party — we went to Mr. Johnston's in the
evening — since then D. I. returned a gentleman came
to polite him — Returned home at 10 o'clock.
Very warm.
Saturday 8th
pleasant.
Sunday 8th
pleasant.
309
