to occasion disappointment, would
give me more pain than I am willing to risk, and such
as I should not easily get over.
I am sorry to find that you are so low-spirited.
You should not give way to discouraging thoughts so
soon; for your Picture can hardly be said as yet
to have had a full trial. If its exhibition here has
not been profitable to your purse, it has gained you
a full harvest of praise. I believe all amongst the
higher classes have been to see it, and, as far as I can learn,
there is but one opinion concerning it -- that it does
you great honour. I have heard many praise it
highly, and not a single voice against it. It is
especially admired by the best judges -- such as Mr
Dutton, Mr Lodman, Dana, and others whose opinions go a great way in the circles where they move.
Indeed it is so popular amongst them that I cannot
account for its lack of profit in the circumstances that the lower classes must have been
gaining in curiosity, and as they make the
map of the town, if it does not attract them
the receipts must of course be small. But from
theodormen I do not think it likely that the same
result will happen in the other great towns -- New-
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston. The common
people there, if mistake not, are more accustomed to visit
places of public amusement; and those that are in the habit
of attending them, I should suppose, would find entertainment
in this Picture. Besides, its career is but just begun. Be
of good heart then -- I have no doubt of your success. -- I have
applied for several weeks past to various of my friends to write
about it but without success until to day, when Dr Channing
undertook it. He has written a very handsome notice, giving the
picture high praise, and speaking of it in a way that I
think will procure it a good reception in
the other Cities it will take in its tour through the States. But
he has not said more than it deserves -- so live upon price
for the present, and depend on it a little patience will bring
you more solid food for long. The price will appear
in a day or two in the Daily Advertiser. When it does I will send
it to you. My respects to your Mother and other Muses
and believe me ever yours sincerely
H. Allston.
