New York Dec 8th 1823.
Dear Parents,
I have received several letters which I have not had
time to answer until the present moment. — To father's proposition
expediting Bogart's viz. giving up Bogart's note & $250 from
Joeytus on 1st of Febt and taking large property in and pocket
Gazetteer in pay, I say decidedly Nay. I have not yet seen
the papers of the 1st of Febt. of the property of the Gazetteer, I find
as thousands of them as I find myself in the office. I am willing
to part with Bogart's property for fifty dollars. I cannot percieve from your
own statement that you are in any pressing want of funds; &
I am not in a situation to part with any funds at
present in any thing more at present in dead stock. Large
& A large sum ($900) becomes due for Observer on the
17th of February, and it is indispensable to our success that
we should keep our credit good. I shall look
well, therefore, to the manner in which every farthing of my
money goes. I am boarding for $2.25 a week, and have
borrowed a stove which will save half my wood. I manage
everything else in the same economical style, determined that
it fail, it shall not be owing to any extravagance of mine.
I have never yet been informed whether Mr Sawyer
has been paid sixty dollars. — Would thank you to say in your next
letter.
Rich b'rt docum with him Pres' Day's Catalogue of Harrod's
store offer of his grammar, Am much obliged to him for the offer
of his grammar, and for the definite advice which he
gives us to attend to its contents. If we give him any book in
exchange for his Letters and grammar it ought to be
Chesterfield's letters on politeness. However, as he meant it was
doubtless for further advice, I am disposed to take
it all in good part. As to the United States Atlas we
cannot give it to him in exchange, because we have none
but those for which we pay cash like other purchasers. The
Gazetteer also is a cash book. His letter, I think, are
very high at $1.75, if I recollected the size of the volume. If
you may make any exchange with him, you think proper on
your own account. We have nothing to give with he would want
and wish nothing done for us in this way with Mr W or any other
