thing will go on with regularity and dispatch. We were all
gratified to hear of the arrangements you have made on the
score of economy, but your wife leaves her dear husband in
not comfortable, living as you do at your second farm, which
will suffice. I think a great deal about you in this respect
dear Sidney, writes me particularly -- we feel much interested for you
I hope you have enough servants to help you intelligently employed
the present season -- your father and brother have thought sufficiently
to know what was done with respect to the full length contract
of Genl. Washington which you were to have painted for Genl. Pinkney
but could not do for lack of business -- would not that enable
you while he has Col. Allston seen his picture yet, and have
you received a letter from him? I can't imagine why you
have not heard from him. The bills that were due in
town have all been paid. Mr. Brodon has got his money,
and a receipt taken for it. Little Sue sends you a kiss every
morning I don't think she has forgotten you, dear husband
she gives finely and is considered by all as an important
member of the family, she always puts her
cricket, dusts the chairs and is as busy as can be. She has
without the least instruction taken it into her head to make
up doll faces, we all think she came rightly by it, she can
throw Municipal's expression into her countenance, to the
greatest amusement and delight of all the family, by whom
she is greatly beloved -- when I ask her whether she will send
a kiss to her dear Papa, she smacks her lips and seems
to me to have me take the kiss for you, you would love
her more than ever. I began this letter last week but my fingers
were so stiffened with the cold, couldn't write to day, it is
freezing cold, the thermometer in the office, never goes below eighty
the snow is very deep. I am glad you can enjoy a milder climate,
this is said to be an uncomfortably cold winter. I never felt it
colder in Hampshire, were you then, dear husband, you would
forget that night the water from in the boiler hanging over the fire
place on our neighbor Missears bridge last Saturday he was
sick a long time, it is to be feared he encumbered himself in a
