Dear Son
I am very glad to hear of your health & prosperity
We did not have you hastily give up of John of visit to N.Y. next
Winter We are sensible of the sacrifice it will be to you to leave
but it may be best in present circumstances, to make the separation
Our purpose, in the severance, is over. I trust will not
be repeated. Our contract with Cookes is completed. About 100000
rec'd (on 10th 21st Monday) this is a great relief to us, put on -- If responsible
liberty are fast leaping I would urge you no further trouble. Think
effectual arrangements are made to meet all payments as they will
become due -- The Angus will write you about the Machine he
seems to be in good spirits about it -- We miss you much for our
harmonies I wish you here, not only for the sake of my wife & children
who are dear to us all, but to share with us in the fruits of cares after
Garden -- We are now enjoying the peaches & melons -- If the garden not
& vegetables we have a great abundance. Many more than we can
use -- Grapes want your attention. do do the budding & grafting of trees
fragments -- The front of Cookes charmingly is much admired for its
beauty -- Alexander keeps it in good order -- Col. Doncker lately
called on us was highly gratified told our neighbors how satisfied
& pleased he was that his place had fallen into such good hands -- W.
Joubert has just returned from Anvers -- painted Dr. Peter Hurd -- the
State offering on the Hill not as it should be -- Dr. Mundyock preached on the
statement two formers -- who are going to print by subscription -- He
is receiving the Trusteed have filled the vacancy in the Board by
the death of Judge Phillips -- by electing Mr. Hubbard of Boston --
well about 30 only graduated at Cambridge -- 70 or 80 are
to be coming to Yale in May -- the student for this year used to
go generally to C. -- do things so -- all coming in due time, to
a right time --
My health is still poor -- my strength is feebleness --
I can do but little -- that time goes -- I live in hope
of being better -- but my expectations are not satisfied --
I am very strong -- I am thankful that I have
in Col. Gibson who are willing & able to take care of me --
things will in time pass & develop on my path are
necessary to be continued -- These things I think I shall
be able to commit myself to the less embarrassent & more advantage
than has been feared -- When your return we
will settle arrangements for the future -- As to the family &
estate -- I see in what ways our past trials are working for our good
We shall, I have no doubt, find it good for us to have been afflicted --
The afflictions & duties we feel personally on each other, in our
several relations, will, I trust, be in future, more faithfully
exercised & fulfilled than they have been & our love much
increased --
I hope Uncle Don have $14.80 the annuity due
from them. If so add $3.20 to it & send me in your next
to Luzerne a $20 bank bill of N.Y. at Albany & I will give
credit for it if you have enough to spare send $50 the
to take the insurance for family use --
Col. Gibson has nearly done his business -- will quit about the Journal
& be resident for a time in N.Y. -- he is ready to commence operating the
large Geo. I for a new Co. & for Cookes immediately -- I am very
97719
