THE NEW-YORK OBSERVER,
A RELIGIOUS NEWSPAPER,
Is published weekly in the city of New-York, on Saturday morning. The first number was issued on
the 17th May. The paper is principally devoted to Religious Intelligence, but contains also miscellaneous
articles and summaries of news and information on every subject, in which the community is interested. The
advantages enjoyed in the city of New-York for collecting the earliest intelligence from all parts of the
globe, and for diffusing it rapidly in this country, it is now well understood, are greatly superior to those of
any other city in the United States, and this pre-eminence is every year increasing. The conductors of
the Observer, by means of their correspondence with gentlemen in Europe, will be able to procure the
earliest information on all subjects interesting to the Religious community. The Observer will not be the
advocate of the peculiar opinions of any sect or denomination, religious or political.
RECOMMENDATIONS.
We regard the publication of a paper upon the plan exhibited in the Prospectus of the Observer, as an object of great importance.
The character and qualifications of the Editors, inspire the fullest confidence that it will be conducted in such a manner as to merit
the general patronage of the Christian community.
JAMES RICHARDS, Pastor of the first Presbyterian Church, Newark, N. J.
PHILIP HAY, Pastor of the Second Presbyterian Church, Newark, N. J.
ASA THILLYER, Pastor of the First Presbyterian Church, Orange, N. J.
SAMUEL FISHER, Pastor of the Presbyterian Church, Patterson, N. J.
It is with no common pleasure I have been made acquainted with the design of establishing a weekly religious paper in this city,
to be styled the "New-York Observer." Nothing has delayed the appearance of such a publication, and nothing has prevented
the combined patronage of the Christian community in its favour, but the difficulty of procuring men who are competent to the
editorial department. That difficulty is now removed. In the talents and acquisitions of the gentlemen who are to be the
Editors, I have high confidence ; and shall be much disappointed, if the Observer stands second to any paper of the kind in our country.
GARDINER SPRING, Pastor of the Brick Presbyterian Church.
New-York, April 1823.
The claims of the New-York Observer to public patronage are so clearly and forcibly stated in the Prospectus, that I find no-
thing to be added on the subject. I therefore simply express my satisfaction that such a paper is about to be established in this
city ; and may hope that it will meet with a liberal support. The character of the gentlemen who are to be the Editors, is an ample
pledge that it will be conducted with ability, and with advantage to the great interest of truth.
J. M. MATHEWS, Pastor of the Reformed Dutch Church, in Garden-street.
New-York, 27th-April, 1823.
I have carefully perused the prospectus of the "NEW-YORK OBSERVER," and am well assured at the capacity with which
its editorial concern will be conducted, and its evangelical character sustained. Of that capacity, as it respects intellectual re-
sources, religious principle, and the not less valuable quality of adaptiveness to the peculiar service, I entertain the highest opinion.
Such a weekly vehicle as the Observer proposes, and which is of religious and general intelligence, is eminently needed in this metropolis,
and will, I devoutly trust, receive a general and generous patronage from men, and the most primitively important successors of the
herradication of God.
SAMUEL H. COX, Pastor of the Spring-street Presbyterian Church.
New-York, April 29, 1823.
It has for many years been deemed of the last importance, that a religious newspaper be established in this city, upon some
plan of frequent and familiar communication with the middle section of our country ; and the partial supply of religious intelligence,
now afforded by one or two publications of this kind in New-England, does but increase the consideration of the necessity of obtaining
such a paper in New-York. The paper of the "NEW-YORK OBSERVER," proposes, as appears to me, the best of all methods
for distributing, cheaply and rapidly, the most valuable of information interesting to the church and the community at large.—
But what is of much greater concern, the Observer is to be edited with a knowledge of the subject, with a high degree of attention to the
object, with a liberal spirit, with a strong sense of the importance of the subject, and with a strong sense of the necessity of
promoting the great interests which are enlightened. It is, therefore, with less hesitation than I have ever felt before, and with
a stronger assurance of its success, that I recommend to the people of my charge, and to the Christian community generally, the
patronage of the "New-York Observer."
PH. M. WHELEPLEY, Pastor of the First Presbyterian Church.
We cheerfully recommend the general plan of the contemplated paper, and are persuaded that the Editors will conduct it to
public satisfaction.
JOHN B. BOMEYN, Pastor of the Presbyterian Church in Cedar-street.
JOHN WILLIAMS, Pastor of the Baptist Meeting in Oliver-street.
New-York, May 3d, 1823.
Having full confidence in the integrity and talents of the Editors of the above paper, I cheerfully concur in recommending it to
the patronage of my fellow-citizens.
PHILIP MILLEDOLER, Collegiate Pastor of the Reformed Dutch Church.
New-York, May 3d, 1823.
97710
