The plan of a weekly paper, such as proposed in the prospectus of the Observer, is one which promises much usefulness, and
which the best interests of our city particularly require. We, therefore, cheerfully concur in recommending it to the patronage of the
public.
WM. MCMURRAY, Pastor of the Reformed Dutch Church in Market-street.
THOS. McCALLISTER, Pastor of the Presbyterian Church in Rutger-street.
STEPHEN N. ROWAN, Pastor of the Presbyterian Church in Greenwich village.
New-York, May 3d, 1823.
The influence of New-York newspapers upon the sentiments of the community, is felt by all. Whatever serves as a pure vehicle for the
most seditious diffusions of religious prejudice, is most pressably acquainted with what is as given an intimate in the affairs of Christ's
kingdom, as they do in the concerns of the empire as they do, and must excel a salutary influence upon religious society. Such
a vehicle the "New-York Observer," from the object it proposes, and the character of its Editors, promises to be.
JOHN KNOX, Collegiate Pastor of the Reformed Dutch Church.
New-York, May 3d, 1823.
A religious newspaper, which, without respect of persons, names, or parties, gives correct intelligence of what is going on in
the peculiar kingdom of God our Saviour, is worthy of Christian patronage, and much needed in this city. Hoping that the Observer
will be conducted on truly Christian and liberal principles, we give it our recommendation.
ALEX. McLEOD, Pastor of the Reformed Presbyterian Church.
ROBERT MCCARTY, Pastor of the Orange-street Presbyterian Church.
New-York, May 5th, 1823.
I entirely concur in the opinion that a religious Newspaper, such as that proposed to be published under the title of the "New-
York Observer," may be made, if properly conducted, a means of circulating much valuable information, and of eminently promoting
the interest of peace and order in society. Having a very favourable opinion of the capacity of the gentlemen who are to be its
Editors, and relying upon their assurance of the Christian and liberal principles which are to be observed in the discharge of their duty, I
cannot but wish them success in so useful an undertaking.
JAMES MILNOR, Rector of St. George's Church.
New-York, May 20, 1823.
While all the friends of Christianity will readily admit the great importance of establishing a religious newspaper in this city,
those who are acquainted with the talents, the literary attainments, the successful experience, and the influence of the conductors
of the New-York Observer, cannot but feel assured that it will, in every respect, merit the general patronage of the community.
WARD STAFFORD, Pastor elect of the Bowery Presbyterian Church.
WILLIAM PATTON, Pastor of the Presbyterian Church in Elm-street.
New-York, May 5th, 1823.
Having had an opportunity to peruse the first number of the first volume of a weekly newspaper, entitled the New-York Observer,
contemplated for the future to be regularly issued forth from the press, as a vehicle of religious and other useful information: I
cannot but express my highest approbation of the same; and as, from the character and qualifications of the editors, I feel the fullest
confidence that it will be conducted in such a manner as to give general satisfaction, I do most cordially recommend it to the
most liberal and extensive patronage of the Christian community of the city of New-York.
CHRISTIAN BURK, Pastor of the North-West Reformed Dutch Church of the city of New-York.
I cordially concur in the above recommendation.
NICHOLAS J. MARSELUS, Pastor of the Reformed Dutch Church at Greenwich.
I approve of the plan contained in the Prospectus of the New-York Observer. If conducted as proposed, it will certainly be
a powerful instrument for the diffusion of religious knowledge—for the pulling down of the strong holds of ignorance and darkness,
and distributing for the world with the light of the truth of the Gospel of Christ, and also in disseminating useful information on other
subjects interesting to the public.
STEPHEN OSTRANDER, Present pastor of the newly organized Reformed Dutch Church in Greenwich-street.
New-York, May 22d, 1823.
The New-York Observer being on such a plan as will be eminently serviceable to the community in general, I cheerfully recommend it to public attention.
JAMES G. O'GILVIE, Pastor of the Fourteenth Presbyterian Church, in Proust-street.
New-York, May 30, 1823.
I am much pleased with the plan of the New-York Observer, and with the specimen of execution given in the numbers which
have been issued. In the abilities of the writers I have great confidence. I think the paper is calculated to do much good, and do
most cheerfully recommend it to the patronage of my people.
JOHN MCDOWELL, Pastor of the 1st Presbyterian Church, Elizabethtown.
Elizabethtown, June 6, 1823.
Taking the numbers of the New-York Observer, which have already been published, as a specimen of the manner in which
the paper will be conducted, I cheerfully concur in recommending it to the patronage of the Christians of this place.
DAVID MAGIE, Pastor of the 2d Presbyterian Church, Elizabethtown.
The Observer, from its plan, from its execution, as far as it has come under our observation, and from the respectable names
which have given it their cordial recommendation, we think, promises to be an important means of promoting the interests of the
Redeemer's kingdom. We therefore recommend it to the patronage of the religious public.
JOS. McCALLISTER, Pastor of the American Reformed congregation of Newburgh.
JOHN JOHNSTON, Pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Newburgh.
Newburgh, June 21.
