2. Governor McDougall suggested that, in his opinion, we should
gradually dispose of Government securities bought within the last
two months; that we had bought now more than any one dreamed would
be bought during the last two years; that he thought it was the
duty of the Federal reserve banks to be liquid, in order to meet
the steady withdrawal of deposits from member banks.
Governor Seay agreed with Governor McDougall, assuming the
Federal Reserve Act to remain as it is.
Governor Harrison said that he contemplated only the purchase
of Government securities in large amounts if such should be deemed
necessary following the correction of the railroad wage situation
and the passage of the Act and amendment above suggested, but that
he was fearful an emergency might arise within two or three weeks
requiring such purchases.
The Conference unanimously passed a resolution that in order
to expedite the operation of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation,
the assistance of the operating facilities and services of the
Federal reserve banks should be available to the Corporation, on
the understanding that the Corporation should reimburse the Federal
reserve banks for these services in such manner as may be agreed upon.
In the afternoon, Ogden Mills came before the Conference,
explaining Treasury policy. He stated that President Hoover has
informed Congress that about 2 billions of bonds or securities may
be necessary to meet the deficit for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1932; that after that date, the administration will make no further
issue of bonds, but will rely on taxation to balance the budget.
C.S.H. asked him if such a statement as to future policy was
essential to the Treasury plan, and Mr. Mills stated that it was.
Mr. Mills further asked the Board to establish a lower rate on paper
secured by Government securities, in order to assist in placing them,
stating that the emergency was as great as during the war, and that
the Federal Reserve should cooperate.
No action was taken by the Board.
