March 21, 1932, 8:15 p.m.
Senator Glass telephoned to C.S.H.
He said he wished to know if there was any doubt about the power of
the Federal reserve bank to refuse discounts; that a very prominent banker
had told him that neither the Board nor banks had such power, but he felt
that the word "may" in Section 13 unquestionably gave the power.
C.S.H. told him that he, personally, and also Dr. Miller, construed
the word "may" to give discretion to the Federal reserve bank to refuse
discounts where the privilege had been abused, but while he remembered no
formal ruling of the Board to this effect, he was very sure that there was
no question about this; that Mr. Wyatt, the General Counsel, and Newton D.
Baker, had so advised the Board.
C.S.H. said that this power has, from time to time, been denied, and
Senator Glass asked, "By whom?" C.S.H. said that Mr. McFarrah, by letter
of May 1, 1929, speaking for the directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York, denied the power of the bank, or the Board, even to examine into
customers security loans, or to refuse discounts because of the undue
increase of such loans, even though the bank might be borrowing frequently
or continuously.
Senator Glass asked if any Federal reserve bank had ever refused
discounts for this reason.
C.S.H. replied that he thought the Federal Reserve Bank of New York had
threatened banks which were out of line, -- that is borrowing more than the
average bank of their size in the community, or were borrowing for profit, --
that they must cease under penalty of refusal, but that if all banks were
expanding at the same time, C.S.H. understands that the New York Bank
would not undertake to stop this expansion except through increases in the
discount rate; that the New York Bank even disagreed with the Board as to
the public warning which it gave, stating that it was not the proper way
to meet the situation, which should be met by increases in discount rates.
Senator Glass then asked whether the Federal reserve bank has power
to fix the rate on 15-day member bank collateral notes, without the
final approval of the Board, and C.S.H. said No. C.S.H. again emphasized
the necessity of Section 3 of the Glass bill, but suggested that where the
absolute prohibition is set down in Section 3, it might be well to add a
qualifying clause "except as provided in this mandatory Act."
C.S.H. said he understood clearly that the Committee intended to permit
a reasonable amount of speculative loans, and, in fact, Section 8 of the
Glass bill made it the duty of the Board to fix the percentage of these loans,
