Governor Harrison opened the Conference in the morning, by
stating the seriousness of present conditions. He said that the
deflation in two years was 6 billions in credit, and also 6 billions
in loans "for others." He said that prices were still falling, and
that banks were afraid to loan from their desire to remain liquid.
He stated that he had had a conference with Senator Glass,
suggesting an amendment to the Act, so as to provide that Federal
reserve notes may be issued against any collateral which Federal
reserve banks are authorized to acquire, - meaning specifically
Government securities. He said that the free gold was now down to
between 400 and 500 millions, although the excess reserves were
over a billion, and that the necessity of using these excess reserves
in place of commercial paper as collateral for Federal reserve notes
was becoming a menace to the System.
He said that if the Reconstruction Finance Act should be passed
quickly, and an amendment as to Federal reserve notes such as the
above, he thought there would be a very fair chance that the tide
could be turned. He said that, in his opinion, it might be necessary
to buy a further large amount of Government securities, - not, however,
just at this present time, but possibly in the near future. He said
there were two views which could be held:
1. The Federal reserve banks to take a bold course, and
try to prevent further withdrawals of deposits
by the purchase of Government securities, and
the use of the new Act and amendment above
suggested.
2. That the Federal reserve banks should maintain
themselves in a liquid condition in order to be
able to meet the withdrawals of deposits,
assuming that they are to go on indefinitely at
the present rate, - that is, 25% per year.
He said that, in his opinion, the bold course to
take.
He also spoke of the bond pool formed in New York which bought
in January enough to keep prices stable. He added that if the above
provisions were enacted into law, the pool would undoubtedly buy enough
to put up prices, - perhaps even to par.
