are plunged in a hot bed, they will
become handsome plants in 2 or 3 months
time. Many gardeners plant their cuttings
in the open ground in a shady border
& take them up & pot them in autumn.
In some gardens a number of cuttings
of the hardier kinds are every spring planted
in open borders, where they make a
fine show during summer & though they
are killed by the first frost it is easy
to plant them in the spring. Old
plants, unfit for the green house, may
whenever be planted in open ground &
produce a favourite display of flowers
before they perish.
Chrysanthemum.
As these plants are so
easily cultivated some should always
be kept in a green house, 2 be grown in
small pots. They are propagated by dividing
at the root, or by cuttings taken either from
the flowering stems, or from the ground roots,
The cuttings from the stem make the neatest
2 smallest plants & come sooner into flower
To preserve a collection in a small space
the best way is to grow the plants in
single pots of a small size, from 2 to 3
inches diameter & never to allow more
than one stem in each pot. Take off the
cuttings in May & plant each in a pot
2 inches diameter within, in a rich
loamy soil - shade them until rooted -
then let them remain without shifting
into larger pots or renewing the soil, but only
supplying water - (manure water if at hand)
& supporting them with little sticks - By the
middle of September the plants will be
from 18 inches to 2 feet high - The beginning
of October the plants will show flower buds, in
order to have strong flowers, pinch off all
these but the centre one & three seed ones
clean the pots, ster at a freshen
them to the green house.
Here for the first week let them have
all the air that is possible might & day
to second week the air may be diminished
when they will afterwards do very well
about last of October or first of November
according to the season, bring in the Chrysanthemums
stock July's Dahlia or other choice hardy
flowers, but let it be done on a dry day
otherwise the evaporation damp air
- of these created by the evaporation
of their leaves will be during the
first night very injurious.
There is not an improper operation
in the process of culture more essential
to the culture than that of preparing
the soil to the roots or seeds, or
cuttings newly inserted in the earth.
Drainage
By this is meant, putting in the
bottom of pots, gravel, an inch
or 3 inches ascending to size, & in
many cases, mix sand in the mould
that the water may not be
retained.
