148.
Miller, Dr. (Cont'd.)
Answers Gov. Harding's claim that Board has no power to prescribe
new plan for Open Market Committee. He said he did not want
Board to operate any more than did Gov. Harding; that there was
some doubt as to power of Board and that is why Board is trying
to secure an agreement. He also said the Open Market power
went to the very heart of the System and that, altho chiefly
operated by the F.R. Bank, New York, it vitally affected all
the F.R. Banks, and that questions of policy should be considered
by the F.R. Board and by all of the F.R. banks.
Nov. 15, 1928. 77
Goldenweiser says Miller was present at meeting of directors of
F.R. Bank, New York, which elected Harrison Governor.
Nov. 24, 1928. 89
Delano tells C.S.H., he talked in N.Y. with Warburg and other bankers
about Miller as a possible Secretary of the Treasury and that the
consensus of opinion was that Hoover would not be such a fool
as to appoint him; that he was not fitted for such a place; that
the economists looked on Miller as decidedly not of the first rank.
Dec. 9, 1928. 99
Voted against approving agreement of N.Y. directors and Gov. Strong
to pay his salary thru the year if he would not resign immediately.
The agreement would have given his estate two months salary after
his death.
Dec. 18, 1928. 108
Miller opposed approval bitterly and said that Wyatt's statement that
only the Treasury could object, because of its interest in the
franchise tax, and his suggestion that we get a statement from
Sec. Mellon that he would not object, was collusion to evade the
law and would give rise to a scandal like the oil scandals.
He said this case differed from the case of F.R. Agent Willis, because
in that case the money had been already paid Will's widow.
Dec. 18, 1928. 109
C.S.H. spoke of his talk with Gov. Harrison about the above and Miller
said no member had the right to discuss the matter with the N.Y.
bank.
C.S.H. told Miller this was a question of law and that as a member
of the Law Committee he could and should discuss the question
with anyone he pleased. Miller then subsided.
Dec. 19, 1928. 109
