Discount power, F.R. banks
H. P. Willis says F.R. bank has power and should discount for
member banks, not frequent borrowers, who wish to replenish
reserves depleted in part by security speculative loans.
Jan. 25, 1929. 135
Discount rates
Federal Advisory Council at meeting discussed.
Gov. Young said Board might soon have before it two requests, - 1. To
increase Chicago rates from 5 to 5 1/2, 2. To lower Cleveland
rates from 5 to 4 1/2; that to approve both would be stultification.
The Council generally opposed both on ground that to lower Cleveland
rate would be construed as a change of policy which would start
up stock speculation.
Mr. Goebel said Cleveland should lower its rate if local conditions
warranted it.
All agreed the present 5% rate was not injuring business, altho
Mr. Alexander said it was depressing for business to have
to pay at least 6%.
Mr. Alexander agreed with Gov. Young that the discount rate at present
time was a national question; that all rates should be reduced
to 4 1/2; that this would stimulate business; that the general
feeling was that the F.R. Board was trying to control stock
exchange speculative rates; that, in his judgment, speculation
could not be controlled through discount rates; that he favored
a 4 1/2 rate to show to the country that the F.R. System was not
trying to regulate the stock exchange; that he did not agree
that lowering rates from 4 to 3 1/2 in summer of 1927 was a
mistaken policy, but that we might have gone back to 4% a
little sooner than we did; that he was extremely puzzled at
the speculation in New York and felt we could not control it;
that liquidation was certain to come and he could not see why
it had not come before this; that even if a 4% rate would encourage
speculation, the situation in the long run would correct
itself; that many of the speculative stocks were not so over-
valued as many seemed to think.
Mr. Alexander was asked why would happen if the corporations now
lending on call should suddenly withdraw say 500 millions. He
replied there would be a forced liquidation and that the banks
would not take over these loans.
Gov. Young said this would cause a panic.
