173.
Myer, Gertrude (Cont'd.)
Rachel said she was completely non plussed and finally said No!
C.S.H. told Rachel that what she said was literally true, as he
had written her about it but had not talked with her; that
he would take care of her all right if Gertrude should ever
speak of it.
Dec. 11, 1928, 101
We dined with Gertrude.
She asked Clephane to see Clephane and induce him to elect some one
to look after her estate, as she did not feel able to do it
herself.
She said Clephane had advised her to tell Dr. Ruffin about
compensation and ask if he would accept an honorarium of
$500 in full for his services as executor, although he thought
$1000 would be perhaps better.
C.S.H. in reply to a question from Gertrude said he thought it
better to name the executors and say nothing as to compensation,
leaving to the court to determine the amount; that she had told
C.S.H. that Dean Bratenahl had told her he would accept no
compensation, but he could waive compensation after appointment.
Gertrude said the will read- "Dr. Bratenahl or his successor" and
that the successor might want compensation; that she feared
that Dean Bratenahl might say that he told her he would take no
compensation, but that, it having been given him, he might
decide to accept it.
She said Clephane did not know that when she originally asked
Dr. Ruffin to accept, she said nothing to him as to the clause
taking away all compensation, but now he gave her the advice
she just mentioned.
Gertrude seemed resentful at C.S.H.'s expression of fear lest
Dr. Ruffin might decline to serve if no compensation was provided.
C.S.H. said he would have a clear, moral right to do so.
C.S.H. said he had no particular interest in Dr. Ruffin and that if
it were anyone else he would advise Gertrude to have a frank
talk with him and if he did not accept, then to appoint some one
else; but that in her case it was most desirable to have a
prominent physician as one of her executors, and that if there
were a will contest and it should appear that Dr. Ruffin declined
to act, it might be claimed, however, unjustly, that he doubted
her sanity; that while C.S.H. knew he had no such doubt, it might
