Discount rates (Cont'd.)
2 C
In fact, on May 21, 1928, New York told the Board by letter
that it was not possible to give specific reasons for any
change of rate.
The N. Y. directors, without answering our letter, and without
officially giving any reasons, in effect demand approval of
their acts. How could the Board "review and determine" under
such circumstances!
The issues raised was easy for the Board to meet and it
unanimously disapproved the application. If our Board had
yields it would have suffered a loss of prestige from which
it never would have recovered.
The Board adjourned at 6:45 p.m.
Present: Gov. Young, Platt, Miller, Cunningham, and C.S.H.
Feb. 14, 1929. 167, 168, 169, 170
Board dined with Federal Advisory Council at Mayflower Hotel at
7:30.
C.S.H. told Gov. Young we should tell them what happened in
New York in the morning, but he thought not.
During the dinner Heard asked C.S.H. who said he did not want to
answer but that the Council had the right to put this question
to Gov. Young.
After dinner Dr. Goldenweiser spoke on speculative conditions. He
said they were a menace to the F.R. System; that they had caused
business rates to increase 1% and that they would increase
further unless speculative loans declined; that further increase
in F.R. rates threatened business and industrial conditions in U.S.
and would go far to disrupt the gold standard abroad, as they
would draw more gold from Europe which would be very undesirable
for the U.S.
The Council then discussed the Board warning of Feb. 2, 1929, and
were practically unanimous that it was necessary and well timed.
Mr. Potter, of Guaranty Trust Co., said the F.R. Bank of New York
had not tried to get the principal N.Y. banks together, and had
never spoken, e.g. to his bank; that while his bank was not a
continuous or frequent borrower, the F.R. bank should get all
the banks together, offender and non-offenders, and that the
whole situation could be cleared up by this method.
All this happened without the Council knowing what had taken place
in New York.
Feb. 14, 1929. 171, 172
