103.
Hale, Rachel (Cont'd.)
Gertrude also said that when Rachel's son, Eugene, was ill at
St. Paul's School with measles, Rachel called her up and
asked her whether she thought she ought to go to Concord
to take care of him; that Rachel said Mary thought she ought
to go, but as it was merely a simple case of measles she
feared she would merely be in the way.
Gertrude did not say what advice she gave Rachel, but merely said
Rachel did not go at once, and that later scarlet fever
set in, and that then Rachel went at once to Concord but
that Eugene died.
Gertrude did not, of course, say that Rachel had been derelict in
her duty towards her child. C.S.H. fears that she hoped
it would leave that impression on his mind.
At first C.S.H. could not understand Gertrude's reason for these
vitriolic attacks as she seemed outwardly calm and sober,
but finally she said she merely wished to give C.S.H. an
inkling as to Rachel's character.
It seems clear to C.S.H. that Gertrude is morbidly jealous and thinking
that C.S.H. admires Rachel greatly is determined to break up
the friendship by such vile slanders as the above.
Rachel has been a loyal friend to Gertrude, often under trying
circumstances, and such contemptible innuendos stamps
Gertrude's character most clearly.
Gertrude has often told C.S.H. that she considered Rachel as her
dearest friend! Heaven save one from such friends!
Nov. 23, 1928. 87
C.S.H. writes Rachel telling her of his talk with Gertrude as to
executor's fees.
Nov. 24, 1928. 88
C.S.H. calls on Rachel and found Ellen Leonard there. After she
went we had a nice talk.
Rachel said she had had Gertrude for Thanksgiving dinner for many
years but did not invite her this year until quite late, as
she was not certain she would feel well enough to have anyone, -
even her own sister, Mrs. Rodgers; that finally she asked
Gertrude to come but Gertrude said she had invited Major
and Ellen Leonard to dine with her. Rachel said she feared
this would put her on Gertrude's black list!
