64
began by saying on land Board Street Platt had had
an offer from a group of bankers, -- land being sure
all bid claim maker and land tie holder Platt
would accept it. How he had Platt to understand
not deliberately but by necessity involuntarily Platt
stated he wished he would accept at the land
since he wanted to trust in his abilities.
Platt immediately to Miller's board the inquiry accused
the offer of land and said he had written this
complaining suggesting a salary of 2 1/2 millions if
2000000 and practically accomplishing
former hold cost that he believed 2000000
argued that he would obliged to build a steel
mill with all the it should have Miller's
comments strongly supported in the subject.
It remains extraordinary that the bankers and
millionaires should practically force Platt out of the
Board in order to put some one in his place
He had 5 years of him been deaf and has
been a faithful and second member.
In this fight as direct businessman, Platt sold
to him Miller's, so now one can account
him of being radical.
I think Platt is one of the most brilliant
65
men I have ever met. At times improvising
but in time used Washington and Davis.
In whom dear Horace found him alone!
Remember him at Board Street Mills, Parker Hillside,
Congress Square, Paul Warburg and James
Alexander, and Professor of Law Angely, are
among others whom Horace has seen.
As these men, Washington in an able man but
one absent would be considered to be and would
be practically a politician.
Parker Hillside, I know, would want to dominate
the Board; an able man but after his
entirety honor in Germany, would never act
on one of 8 million. He is not a practical lumber
company man he is a practical man, able
not a Warburg Company. Being a Jew, however,
he would be someone men quite with
P.O.G.
Paul Warburg has been since years and not
since 1897. He is able, of practical business
experience, but no brute of German intellect-
ion and desire for a crowded bank,
which he could make him. With a central
characterandy & land him with bankers as
bankers.
Alexander cannot be an ideal man
