100.
Hale, Rachel (Cont'd.)
C.S.H. calls on Rachel and we had a long talk together.
She said she had been feeling wretchedly for some time, and had lost
all the weight she had gained during the summer; that her regular
Doctor, Dr. Liner, was away; that her new Doctor had ordered her
to stay in bed every day until lunch, which she said she was
doing; that he also said she must go to Garfield Hospital to have
another gall bladder test, -- which she certainly would not do,
at least not until her regular Doctor returned.
She did not seem at all disturbed because Gertrude spoke to me.
She thanked me for my most kind letter offering to come and read to
her, and seemed very much pleased with it. (In it, C.S.H. said
Bertie and he considered her the closest and dearest friend we had.)
Nov. 16, 1928, 78
Rachel told C.S.H. she had purchased an old Manorial estate called
"His Lordship's Kindness" about 3/4 of an hour distant from
Washington, not far from Ellen Leonard's place.
She said she had already paid down $15,000 on it; that the sale required
an order of the court which had only recently been issued. C.S.H.
asked if she had an Attorney to represent her and she said No, but
that the Maryland Trust Co. was looking up the title. She said
she was worried at the delay in getting the title, and wished to
be able to say, from time to time, if in any doubt that she
must consult some one as her adviser, and would like to be permitted
to say that C.S.H. was her adviser.
C.S.H. at once said she could use his name in any way, and at any time
she saw fit, and this pleased her very much.
She said she wanted to drive us down to see the place as soon as Bertie
returned to Washington.
She asked me surely to call again on my return next week.
C.S.H. apologized for his somewhat hysterical letter to her about her
health, but she said, on the contrary, it was a most delightful
letter to her.
Nov. 16, 1928, 78, 79
C.S.H. calls on Rachel and met Sen. Hale there.
She showed me photographs of her new place.
