26
26
26
26
Hale, Rachel (Cont'd.)
C.S.H. started to write Rachel when something seemed to say
to him that she was at her house in Washington.
I called her up and found she was there but was resting.
Later I called up again and she had returned unexpectedly and would
have called me up before (she arrived on Thursday) but her house
was in such utter confusion that there was not a room in which she
could receive any one. She begged me to come right over, which
I did.
We had a delightful talk of nearly 1 1/2 hours, and I told her in detail
everything Gertrude had said to me during the summer.
She said my letters were perfectly fascinating, --that she had never
read such charming letters, that Mary also was entranced with them,
and would often meet her at the door, when she was returning after
a call, and explain in great excitement, --another "Chronicle" has
come; that they would both run up to read it with avidity.
She said she told Mrs. Rogers about my letter describing Gertrude's
visit, and had finally destroyed it lest some one might come across
it unawares.
She spoke of Gertrude's nephew and said he was a bad lot.
She said Major Leonard told her that Gertrude had between $30,000 and
$40,000 per year.
She spoke of her own income saying she could not tell exactly what it
was, she was so stupid about such matters, but she rather implied
it was not much more than that.
She said Gertrude was simply able to take a house for the summer and ought
not to expect that her friends should entertain her for long visits.
She agreed with C.S.H. that Gertrude was crazy to marry if she could get
a husband who suited her.
C.S.H. said he would call up Rachel when he returned on Wednesday and
she said she might ask us both to dinner, if her house painting was
finished.
Sept. 28, 1928, 36, 37
C.S.H. called up Rachel and had a fine talk with her. I told her I
fearred Gertrude was angry with me because of my frankness in
answering her questions, but Rachel said I ought to call her up as
she was most friendly to and appreciative of Bertie and myself.
Oct. 2, 1928, 39
