Discount rates (Cont'd.)
of reserve percentage (80%); that speculative activity was
steadily increasing; that last year speculative loans of all banks
increased 5 billions, while commercial loans increased only 2 billions;
that while the banks gave a preferential rate to commercial customers,
the spread was decreasing and soon would disappear; that they had
done all they could by way of direct pressure, confining it to banks
which were out of line with the mass of banks and he referred to
National Bank of Commerce (Alexander), as one upon which direct pressure
had been used, also to the Guaranty Trust Co. and National City Bank;
that his directors did not want to increase rates but could see
nothing else ahead; that Gov. Norman told him he would increase his
rates within a few days; that Belgian and Netherlands exchange was
beyond the point where gold exports were profitable, and that Bank of
England must increase; that the increase at New York should be 1%, —
from 5 to 6%.
Gov. Harrison agreed with C.S.H. that many N.Y. member banks by
frequent discounting were in effect obtaining capital from the
F.R. bank.
He somewhat doubtfully agreed with C.S.H. that an increase to 6%
might injure small manufacturers.
He agreed a 6% rate would interfere with building operations.
He said direct pressure had failed, that the only recourse now was
increased discount rates.
He said that if a 6% rate did not curb speculation, higher rates
must be resorted to.
Gov. Harrison said rates should be increased even if Bank of England
had not increased.
Miller thought C.S.H. felt we should be guided by Bank of England
rates.
C.S.H. said Miller did not understand his position; that in 1927 we
lowered rates, in part to help Bank of England, altho it also
helped business, commerce, and especially our agricultural export
trade, increasing prices of the latter; but that under present
conditions, we should decide as to rates from domestic consideration,
regardless of what the Bank of England might do.
Feb. 5, 1929. 149, 150, 151
Cunningham said he believed Gov. Norman did not want to increase
his discount rate but felt he had to protect his gold and
wanted N.Y. to increase to give him an excuse to.
Feb. 5, 1929. 153
