(.Rising) Rachel, C.S.H. calls on Mrs. Rodgers but she said nothing especial about Gertrude.
C.S.H. was not surprised at this as he had told Rachel in one of his letters that he would be most circumspect about speaking of Gertrude to Mrs. Rodgers, but that he hoped Rachel would tell her about our talks and his letters.
Oct. 5, 1928. 42
C.S.H. takes from the Mattapoisett files Rachel's letter of sympathy within just after Anna's death, and puts it in his trunk with other letters from various people on other matters.
He advised Rachel of this.
Oct. 7, 1928. 44
Rachel telephones at 8:45 a.m. asking me to come to dinner at 7:30 to meet Mr. and Mrs. Horace Washington. She said not to wear even a dinner jacket as Mr. Washington had none with him.
C.S.H. went to Rachel's a little before 7:30 and met her coming down the stairs from her room winding an alarm clock. C.S.H. said that he knew this clock was prepared because of the long dinner Bertie and I once had at her house, when, no clock being visible, we stayed very late. She seemed almost embarrassed at this witticism but said it was not on my account that she wanted the clock.
C.S.H. had on his heavy winter cut away suit (his other being at Mattapoisett) and as it was a very hot evening he felt almost suffocated.
To his surprise, Mr. Washington arrived dressed in a dinner jacket, which Rachel had said he did not have with him. Soon after, Major and Mrs. Leonard appeared, the Major in a dinner jacket also!
Rachel meekly apologized for having insisted that I should not dress and the incident afforded much humor.
We had a most interesting dinner. Rachel put me vis a vis to her. During the dinner Mary Hale came in dressed for another dinner, and she really looked most charming and attractive; her dress was most becoming and beautiful. She is really getting to be more like her mother every day, and bids fair to be a very beautiful woman. She is also a girl of good sense and has a good mind. The man who gets her will be lucky indeed!
