Extracts from Moris's life of Lord Byron
on his first visit to Mispolenghti.
Could some spirit have revealed to him
the events of the interval (between his first a
second visit to Mj.) have shown on one side
the triumphs that awaited him, the
power his varied genius would acquire
over all hearts, alike to elevate or depress
to darken or illuminate them, & then
place on the other side all the final
ties of the past, the waste & wear of the
heart through the imagination -- the horror
of that perpetual fire within, which
while it dazzles others consumes the possessors
the inviolateness of such an elevation in the
eyes of mankind -- would he, it may be
asked have welcomed glory on such conditions.
"The last bird I ever fired at," says
Lord Byron, "was an eagle. It was only
wounded & I stood to see it, the eye was so
bright; but it pined & died in a few days,
& I never did since & never will again
attempt the death of another bird."
"In another letter he says," I withdraw
myself from myself, has ever been my
sole, my entire, my sincere motive
in scribbling at all, a publishing is also
a continuance of the same object by
the action it affords the mind, which
else recolts upon itself. If I valued
from Schools flatterer received opinions,
But for the soul of me, I cannot I will
not give the lie to my own thoughts --
doubts, come what may."
"All are inclined to believe what they
wish from a lottery ticket, to a passport
to paradise, my restless spirit, tells me
I have something within, that I possess
shows it is for him who made it to prolong
that spark of celestial fire which illuminates,
yet burns this frail tenement -- Yet
see no such horror in a dreamless
sleep & have no conception of any
state of existence which endless duration
would not render tiresome."
Poor Byron! The restless spirit of his mind
was like that of a viper loped upon the
waves, without a compass to guide, or a rudder
to govern its course.
"Oh that that lofty mind had been guided by the
pole star of faith! --
