Solitude affords a pleasure to an either
of which no one can deprive him and which
can exceed all the honours of the world.
He not only constitutes the effect his works
will produce but whether it advances towards
consolation feels the delicious enjoyment of those
hours of serenity and contentment which his
labours provide. What pleasure could through
the minds of an established writer from the
uninterrupted attention and the glowing
admiration which are experienced here are
only from this elegant occupation and must
often have been forgotten. This would not challenge
one single hour of such perfect tranquillity
for all those shocking illusions of natural
force with which the mind of Italy was so
incessantly occupied. Interwoven
between the occupations of the pleasures of the mind
says they employ in my youth, and continue
to this day in prosperity they grace
ends embellished in adversity they furnish no
shelter under support, and fortified home
under every assault, they offer Number, thin
ten habits and enliven retirement.
The present of some particular object is the
best diversion against the loss of time,
and a sort of counter provision to the languor
of life.
We may choose the best intentions towards
our fellow creatures, may secure them in their
creed, may do them all the good in our power,
indeed get them the bounty of their hearts, draw
from their colonies, and divide their forces
from their power.
In solitude we behold more near and in
proximity that Providence, which overlooks all
things continually recalls to our minds the
consolatory idea, the mild and restful action of
time, that the eye of the Almighty is ever
surveying the actions of his creatures, that he takes
notice of all our movements, that we are governed
by his power, and determined by his goodness.
In solitude the Deity is every where
before us. emancipated from the dangers of
perpetual tribulations of events, governed by a
divine Providence, satisfied of pure, unattainable
joy, we contemplate with sereneness and
vigour with Freedom, and with confidence
the attainment of supreme felicity, and
joy in thought the happiness we expect to
reach. In this holy meditation every ignoble
sentiment, every painful anxiety, every
worldly thought and vulgar care vanishes
from the mind.
