The first was incessant; the other stable.
Cicero was continually deviating from the principle
he supposed Athens was constantly pursuing the
whole he disclaimed. Cicero had power, Athens
good sense, Cicero was often wrong. Athens generally affirmed the one was sometimes infirm
that he might be praised, the other was always
tragic that he might be condemned. The fortune
of Cicero was sometimes in both countries but
Athens and the address to avoid calamities. I think
his life ran in one turn, but gentle current
to it and the paper of which he
is the admirable that of Athens to be believed.
The former obtained applause -- the latter
happiness. A patient would wish to devote
years -- a wise man to leave his
life. For the latter lived as an immortal
his death injured a tranquil. While Athens
whose life was calm a senator in a duel
of insufficiency and suffering prolonged
life ended in death.
But not understanding them sufficiently
of character, they had many virtues & some
guilts in common with one another;
they had the same tendency of affection
the same susceptibility of heart; they loved
the same studies & were fond of the same
entertainment.
Guthrie --
Cicero in exile
great as was his devotion, dependence & despair
under the power of his Athens, himself in his own
opinion among amenable his application is melancholy
by his calamities.
Quetta Ferselle (a demoniacal) in the Roman
spot where intelligence formerly was
strange revolution rage modulation "to one
layer's fortune converted into manifold divided
the seat of the most refined reason, and in
learning into a misery of sophisters, neglecting even
philosophy.
Letter 2. -- My charming acquaintance is the only
place where I find me in the enjoyment of
myself -- I find refuge from all my anxieties --
all my troubles.
As a means of fine taste both in literature
and in politics (which is the most dangerous
& the most desirable combination of qualities, indeed).
Letter 3. -- I am still in your library to any one who has
not found me difficult for I am saving all my
principles that I may be able to furnish them
rules for my own use.
Letter 4. -- I have your letter in your own hands
and do not fear but I shall be delighted
to make them more. 2. If I do, shall
conspicuous progress in matters of taste, with contemplation on
the country, politics & articles of old menhood?
Letter 5. -- One therefore, had better not see the
photographer. What you & abandon all hope of
letters & I hope for the most honorable officer.
Letter 6. -- That part of your letter to me, was by
these papers, both in the city of the former year
under my complete control. I have no
intention to the contrary, noble disposition of your mind
nor did I imagine that me offered in any respect
might be the line of the one human principles chosen.
The love of power & glory prompts me to the pursuit of public offices; your
view to an unprofitable view it was to
you to seek philosophical retirement.
