over the precipice ambo (calabrese?)
in the extremity above of the Via Nuda;
it has beheld antiquity & Manuana, Virgil &
Toracte, myself under its columns; it
has surveyed the empire & even the
language of its founders & after three
ages of timeworn & tempests of revolutions
& barbarism, it still exhibits its
fair proportioned form to the eye of
the traveller & claims at once its
reputation & recognition.
It is a stone city on a high hill, sheltered
on one side by Monte Calata &
a considerable range of the Sabine
mountains & commanding on the other an
admirable view over the Campagna, bounded
by the sea. Rome, Mount Soratte &
Monte Palentio, the ancient Tivoli & the
word on its orient angle through which
is Oliver -- Gen. Salvi, page 253, & 260.
Few vestiges of the ancient Sabine manner
But if its artificial ornaments of this one
favorite natural of the wealthy Romans have
perished & if it resembles a Villa have long
since enabled me to trust, the unattainable
graces which nature has conferred upon its
old remains -- its orchards, its gardens
with cool recesses flourish in unfailing
bounty. If Horace, who so often & so
fondly celebrates the charms of Tiburtine
vineyards, he would still find in Rome
the vineyards garden -- the ever-varying hill
the general hill; on that, on the wide lower
part of the hill, the Sabine mountains. To enjoy this
Sabine scenery the traveller must cross the bridge
& follow the road that runs up the foot of
the Clopes Monte Castello, that winds along
the banks of the Anio, rolling after it falls
through the valley in a dark dell. On his
left he will see down the steep slopes covered
with trees & shrubs & gardens -- on his right
the solid but varying city of the hills shaded
with groves of olive. These varying districts
were authoritatively interspersed with a delightful
Villas, the favorite abodes of the most
refined & luxurious Romans. -- Page 253
Examine what Sibeline ways of Horace
having a villa at Tiburt) who is the
principal authority for the commonwealth
facts. -- and read my own Latin)
Emme odes of Horace. Em me
the multiplicity of the temples
which line this road, in so great
that when antique & succumbent as many
of them are authoritatively seen, with their
ornamental enclosures, they must almost
have touched each other & formed a promenade
street.
Early July 274
