If there is any material difference
between human nature in that of a
tree present, it lies in the conception of
tree worship. The letters of Cæcilius to Atticus
conclude that there was a time when
tree friendship in the human heart
could win out a passion as strong as
love or sacred as religion, but without
the companionship that sometimes debars the
one, or the sustentation that hitherto the
other, there it is futile of mine insuperable
delicate paleness, hard frame, and fond
independencies. It has every characteristic
of a patient, but victorious patient. It breeds
every tender grace that delights the mind
and awakens every soft affection that affects
the heart. The language of its motto, in
seventy couples to the seven expressions
of Cæcilius' friendship for Atticus,
is not sure whether the prompt
friendship are not founded upon a
dissembling of manner between the
parties, by which each endeavors to effigfy
his own defects from the other's perspective.
Nothing could be more deplorable in many
respects than the manners of Cæcilius from
those of our author.
The Friendsake of
Cæcilius to Atticus
Contrasted Character of Cæcilius & Atticus
Cæcilius was the greatest scholar, but Atticus
the better writer. The abilities of Cæcilius were
shaking. Those of Atticus were useful. The
one was in earnest, the other stable. Cæcilius
was perfectly devoting from the principles
to the professed, while Atticus was constantly
turning the virtues he claimed.
Cæcilius had always Atticus goodness.
Cæcilius was often ready, Atticus generally
difficult. The one was sometimes impetuous,
the other was always fragile that he might be
poured out. The fortune of Cæcilius was
profound in both extremities. He became
Atticus' friend in a thousand instances
but Atticus' enemy in an even greater number
his life was in an even greater number
to be ended. The passion of Cæcilius was
to be admired. That of Atticus to be
beloved, to temper the former offensive
affections, to other better, happiness.
Their sentiments seem to have been
the same as to public measures, but
Atticus enquired what he could not
prevent, while Cæcilius informed of what
he could not endure.
A patriot would wish to die
like Cæcilius -- a wise man to live
like Atticus.
But after all, our Author & his
friend had many virtues & some
qualities
