Molloy
An officer murdered
On fellow soldiers, Dear
Strathclyde his hands towards the foot, he passed
Bethold's grave under which lie buried
the two who both hid so well
So we went home with one man
dead, and one man injured.
I beg your father
Be sure I shall
Said Johnson, with a spirit & a noble voice
He let me see my daughter one I die.
The daughter
A draft of fearful lustre in her eye
With a cold & restless eye
Get to me immediately, giving my
Now leave, nor peace
With her trembling hand
The bone the gullet, I breathe solemnly into him
Strained or awful hands to heaven
And cries, Lord God, be with him in this hour.
And cries, Lord God, be with him in this hour.
My son
Gently, his name with slow & steady stride
The memory of a six years' service
He should at these words be gone
But one who sees a scheme a scheme
When the day will be known will not tell me
My master in my master.
My master in my master.
When fatherless boys are dying
And men
Tamewell
16
April
1833.
From
Corcy's letters to Atticus
Friendship.
If there is any material difference between
Philosophy and human age: nature in that
age, it lies in the conception of this virtue.
The letters of Corcy convince, that there was a
time, when friendship could receive a position
among the sacred or religious, but free from
the influence that sometimes debases the one
to the superstition that polluted the other.
The grandness of our author for Athens, is
part of nine centuries, deliberate palaveres, and
forts to fond and reverent. It has every character
of a prudent but virtuous pastor. It contains
even tender phrases that delight the mind & awake
every sentiment that affects the heart.
The language of it, the most ennobled part of
his method, is found compared to the voice of
Corcy's grandness for Athens. The same. These letters
of all other men, the translator can doubt
if being the part, who has remained in English language
a virtue which has been so long numbered with
the fancy tales, & therefore is so considerable in
its effects, as it is inimitable in its expression.
I am not sure whether the strongest sentiment
are not founded upon a determination of
character, between the parties by which they
endure to subject his own intellect from the
other persuasion, nothing could be more apparent
than the disposition & manner of Corcy's Athens
The first was the greatest scholar, the latter
the best critic. The abilities of Corcy were
obtaining a brilliant throne of Athens were less expressive,
but equally useful.
