Man's sympathy with nature
other than Germans have felt this
mysterious tie, though Milton or Shakspeare
speaks of it as a peculiar characteristic
I say "in German poetry we often discern
the same sympathy between man and
the elements; for in German poet's conceptions
man not only is at first, but as an
informer of it might almost be said that the
world of nature upon earth has with the
river, the water, flowers, trees, in other primary
elements of creation. The soul of nature
is conceived itself to be in every plant a union
of thence and different forms. The fruitful
country is the unpopulated desert -- the sea
as well as the shore are all subjected to
the same law -- a man contains within him
self sensations a result power which correspond
with the right of earth the day with
the seasons and with the strength of its
second allegiance of one being with the world
of the universe which gives to earthly things
grandeur. The poet how to unite
the union between the natural animal
world his imagination forms the connection
between one and the other."
language of nature
the most flaming stream or calm
of time, one running on, without ceasing
until one is lost in the stream as the sun
is in eternity. The transmutation of individual
life, in contrast with natural
transmutation, bears upon flowers that produce
and the forest trees in the darkness
of vegetation. The most beautiful flowers
blow out to gather the middest pollen of
clover. The forest is but for a season, when
it stirs up the ground, it announces
it, as that "it must return to dust,"
but that dust does not perish, -- with
their leaves in their decay, they form
the soil from whose charge plants
and trees of new flowers, the inseparable
of life, -- never extinguished, -- the earth,
our home in which it dwells, will
surely furnish decay, but the vital
principle of life into some new form
conquered by force of the very dust into
which its first dwelling was deposited. Thus
that the universe does not terminate.
The lightning in lightning furnish the air
with fruits and seeds fertilize the earth, trees,
and give the emphatic language in
which nature teaches man the benefits his moral system derives from
sorrow and suffering.
