where thy young mind had caught eternal fire
Dying in Greece & in a cause so glorious!
They in thy train, oh, little did they think
As round me went, that they soon should sit
Mourning beside thee, while a nation mourned,
Charg'ing her feet at to the funeral song:
That they so soon should hear the minute-guns
morning gleamed on what remained of thee
over the sea & mountains, numbering
years of joy & sorrow.
Thou art gone!
And he who would assail thee in thy grave
Oh let him pause! For who among us all
Tried as thou went -- even from thy earliest years
When wandering yet unspoiled, a highland boy
Tried as thou went & with thy soul of flame,
Or who among us all could say, he had
not err'd so much, & more!
Is the end of man's existence, that of serving
to the happiness of other parts of the creation?
Is it that of personal enjoyment? Is it
that of personal improvement, either closing here
or extending into a future state?
If man is born to trouble as sparks
to fly afterwards, it must be, not because to
smoke goes to the devil to be an artist or
of spirits, but from the accidental effect belonging
to the quality of the iron or which he
is working for a greater purpose.
(our troubles are thus, only the incidental
effects of the great process carrying on for
the formation of our more highly & perfect state
of being --"
Education.
There are few individuals, whose education
has been conducted on every respect with
attention & judgement. Almost every man is
conscious when he arrives at maturity of many
defects in his mental powers, & of many incon-
venient habits which might have been prevented
or remedied in his youth.
Infanticide
A Moravian missionary, affirmed that from
evidence accumulated by his brethren & himself
in the Polynesian, they found, that previous to the intro-
duction of the Gospel, three fourths of the children
were murdered as soon as born, either by one of
fathers, or by others who made a trade of
Infanticide! A woman once acknowledged to him
that she had destroyed eight of her own children
while another confessed that her murderers
amounted to seventeen.
Whenever this practice prevails, the tenderest
feelings of nature are outraged by hard hearted
cruelty, the maternal bosom, instead of mother
work, puts a sympathy, being filled with malignant
feelings. "Pain."
Does this necessity follow? or is the
force of habit, & education, which induces
this practice, either as a religious duty, or as
a humane act, which reduces the man born
being from a state of suffering, (which nature
is certain to cause of suffering, aged parents
out of existence) incompatible with a tender
& kind disposition?
Self preservation is the strongest motive --
it is common to all religions -- I do not see why
it should be denied in death.
