Riches acquired at the expense of liberty to disfigure
their time & to regulate our actions, is a real mercy,
when they introduce us in the slavery of society, its
entertainments, its pleasures, ceremonies, they take
from us more happiness, than all the ease, conven-
ience & luxury they bring with them can confer.
"A yoke made of gold & silver, says Petrarch is
not less oppressive than if made of lead or iron."
privilege of Society
Washington in a letter to one of his friends
clearly accounts for the resignation he felt
to society. At first he says, he implored God
to the mortification he felt in not possessing
his former to please in general company. Conceive
that his internal resources, were greater than
those with whom he conversed, he was more
affected by their success & his own failure. A natural
shyness of disposition & awkwardness of manner
he knew he possessed & excited his spleen at
seeing the success of forts & gunnammies.
" Yet," says he, "when I perceived afterwards
I was somewhat after by the world & honored with much
more consideration, than even my own indolence
possibly would have ventured to expect, I found the
same disgust with myself, rather augmented
than diminished, I concluded it must arise from some
other cause, & that there were not the means of enjoying
it for which I must look. What then, is the
cause of it? It is no other than that invincible love
of liberty which nothing can ever come, & in comparison
with which honor, fortune & even fame itself
are, to me nothing. It is certain that this spirit
of liberty is engendered less by pride, than indolence;
but this indolence, is invincible. It is planted
at every thing -- it renders the most trifling
duties of life unsupportable: to be obliged to converse
with me, from the moment the obligation is imposed,
the severest punishments. This is the reason, why,
although the ordinary commerce of men is odious
to me, the pleasures of private friendship are so
dear to my heart -- for in friends' sick, as we
do, is from the impulse of inclination & not
the obligation of duty. This is the reason, why
accept favours -- for every act of kindness demands
a acknowledgment meant; 2 I am ungrateful, only when
gratitude becomes a duty. The source of happiness
does not consist in merit, in doing what I wish,
as in avoiding what is unprofitant to my inclination.
Active life, has no attraction for
me; I would a hundred times rather be dying
at all, than do, that which I dislike; 2 I have
frequently thought that I could live more
happily in the Bastille, where my mind
was free, than in my body confined, than
in the most select society, where my mind
& my inclinations were under the incessuous
control of ceremony & custom & my body left
free." Washington on
Washington's letter of January 1820
contains the following passage:
"I have been in the habit of making
the following remark on the subject of society --
"I have never been in society, except in the
company of myself, and I have never been
in society, except in the society of myself.
"I have never been in society, except in the
society of myself, and I have never been
in society, except in the society of myself.
"The society of myself is the society of
the world, and the world is the society of
myself."
Washington's views on society are
similar to those of Rousseau. He
regarded society as a great
source of unhappiness. He
regarded the family as the
only society worthy of
mention. He believed that
the family was the
only society worthy of
mention. He believed that
he was the only society worthy of
mention. He believed that
he was the only society worthy of
mention. He believed that
he was the only society worthy of
mention.
Washington's views on society are
similar to those of Rousseau. He
{{-- believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy
--}}
He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the only society worth
mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the
mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of
mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of ment. He believed that he was the only society worthy of ment. He believed that he was the only society worthy of ment. He believed that he was the
mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that
mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of mention. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the
men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the oth. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the on. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the of. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was
men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of ment. He believed that he was the only society worthy of ment. He believed that he was the oth. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy
ment. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the one. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the ment. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the ent. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the t. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the e. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the s. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the d. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the c. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the b. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the a. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the n. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the y. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the r. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the p. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the f. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the u. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the k. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the m. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the l. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the h. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the g. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the j. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the i. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the x. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the z. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the w. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the v. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the q. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the 1. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the -1. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was the only society worthy of men. He believed that he was
</
