in common with one another. They
had the same insatiableity of heart,
the same tenderness of affection; they
lived in the same desires, in the same
affections, in the same sentiments. There
seems to have been an elegance, precision
a quietness about Athens, down
to his hard writing that characterized
his actions & governed all his discourse.
Success in Greece
Quent was his opinion, independently
of despair; but quite the tone of his Athens
triumphs in his own efforts constitutes
the earnestness of his affection & more largely
by his calamities.
Quenture
Treatise on Politics
May properly be called the whole state of man
as portrayed by the heathen world before
religion took place. Our holy religion was
far from altering or improving Quent's
opinion that it could be a convenient thing
that they may pretty be looked upon as
containing a system of universal Christianity
Influence of Atmosphere on Mind.
The ancients remarked a physical quality to
the air of Athens which they said was so pure
that it quickened & refined the understanding.
A Quent says at Athens the air is pure
by which its inhabitants are esteemed to be
an eminently philosophical, as Thucyde is
thinks the Thessalons are rich and heavy
in story.
(Can any human engaged in
intellectual pursuits doubt the truth of these
facts. Does not his own experience confirm
him in the belief of how useful effects of
the atmosphere, on the clearness of his
propositions, the activity of his intellectual
faculties, when the air is light & pure,
and of its opposite effects, when deficient
in purity & elasticity?)
Quenture
Motto for First Chapter of Julius Cæsar
Beautiful cloud, with folded clouds no rest to fair
swimming in the firmament are
They flow, bathed in sunlight, white below
They shadow over the vale, moves slow.
Beautiful cloud I would live with this
The blast shall rend they sides, or thin earth
On the dark heaven where forms come down
And work in vain, till man's enquiring eye
Miss thee forever from the sky.
Bryant
