now let me die in peace -- do not break to me any more!
Let my father depart in peace -- Let thy servant die in
peace -- Amen -- Amen -- so, come, God Jesus. He then
sat up and appeared much exhausted. He had some re-
fusing sleep towards morning, after which the law-
dakins was again repeated, which finally mitigated
his suffering. He had now the appearance of being
unconscious -- but the son said his father was still strong,
the night still remain 12 hours -- he thought 6 but only
he looked impatiently for 8 o'clock and arrived in time to
witness the last struggle of nature. When we heard him on
the house, we have much suffered at the thoughts of
such a meeting -- the head hung below when he reached
the intelligence of his death -- it was a considerable
time before he could attain sufficient comfort to come
up stairs -- and then long before he dared enter the room.
He started back at the first glance. At last he looked
at myself in high, he appeared at the bed, fell on my
father's neck, saying -- my father! don't you know your
son is dead? he was much distressed by this approach,
when he heard the name -- Anderson. Is Anderson dead? his
eyes had appeared deprived of vision -- it seemed neither
was in front of him and he suffered the change of circum-
stance! The spirit seemed as if departing and accel-
led. His eyes of countenance looked like a lamp almost
extinguished, & bolting up again. He appeared wild --
Asked if the furnace was over, the idea was suggested
that he had injured himself dead -- when he left
of meeting his son -- it appears possible. After a little
he seemed to recollect himself, I said, -- and this is dying --
to this revived he looked steadfastly at me, I hoped he
lived. I had for many years relinquished the idea
of a petition of this tender nature. He looked as frequently
while he thought himself dying, and at one time extended
both arms to embrace my sister, my wife, & myself.
He remained on the bed holding his hand all with
in an hour of his last breath. We were then advised to
leave the room. I felt grateful that we had not to interrupt
any of those struggles & desultories which commonly attend
death! And for what ever experienced, I felt confident
in the idea, that my father was inflexible of suffering
infliction, he had not been long in the right room before
The intelligence was brought -- that he was one! It
was no shock to me -- it brought no new conviction of a
transient. He had long been gone to him. My chamber had
collected a most affecting scene. The widow, father, & brothers,
sisters, friends, & acquaintances, their friends. The first
sentiment was to sustain, to give room to a consol-
ated felicity. Good Mrs. Wilson soon joined us. In our
tracing her, I felt her under the ties and which are fancies
by sorrow, which long before the conviction of our departure
on the kindness of earth stood. I soon found a delightful pleasure
in communicating to her the abundant sources of consolation
we enjoyed, & in recounting all the affecting details of the last solemn scene. The same
to manner with those that surrounded her went away rejoicing
with those that rejoiced. After the necessary attention,
had been paid to the remains, I desired to see them.
From the composite I experienced, I did not expect to
