3 hoped he our Lord Jesus Christ who has given us the victory over sin and death. Yes, we can triumph over them. Faith has triumphed over them. I have seen it." The chance of such a sad man meet his fate is so slender as to be privileged beyond the common walks of life. It opens into eternity and when such friends are joining their hands with them to the holy God, but there we must part -- they must enter alone & leave us till our appointed hour will come. Shall we take this road, & then return to the world no better for it? Shall we hasten from it? No, rather let us hope for their salvation & support, & yet another life we have so richly, the impressions of the divine world that we may return to them temporal with our hearts reconciled for them -- enter on our eternal as conquerors as citizens sentinahents here, but as citizens of foreigners. Their need not damp our enjoyment, but will lift far from despising our influence & delicacy in duty. We are abrid on our Father's business, & whilst we are performing it, he supports us with his most comfortable comfort -- let us hasten to accomplish it -- that when he bids us to relinquish, we may be ready.
The first circumstance which presents itself as leading to consideration in this confession of Providence, is that it was the Divine pleasure to try our beloved Father, by the want of domestic enjoyment, &c. &c. &c. This it was that called into exercise all the Christian virtues which should be honours in his departing hour. This it was that under the direction of a supreme power served to mean him from life -- to fix his views, judgements, on eternity -- to cultivate in him a close communion with God -- and to reconcile him to the distribution of the divine will, which, however, perhaps, otherwise have attracted him too strongly to life. The sacrifice made to rejoice in his departure, and this wonderful mystery of God's will -- has since his removal, been the means of calling into exercise the best of Christian virtues in the hearts of those services particular
by convinced in it. In his last moments, when strongly affronted to have his perfect work in his heart, he said -- "Time in peace & the Gospel of Peace be with you!" And the benevolition of the dying saint has been satisfied. As far as I am particularly concerned, I have experienced in it the most wonderful efficacy of prayer & power of divine grace. Even while my dying Father was indicating the spirit of Christian Charity, my heart did not yield to its influence -- caught at words, when it touched like a transient flame -- but soon expired. I was left to feel my own inefficiency. My heart was cold -- my lips were silent, and after my Father was taken from my eyes I could not deny his sacred injunctions. But since principle & his prayer divine was answered. Can my faithless heart ever forget the sacrifice which have been offered me of the efficacy of prayer?
For some time previous to my Father's death & indeed during his long indisposition I had heard with concern the despair of his spirit, & the want of those cheering consolations of religion & light anticipation of future, which can alone dissipate the gloom of despair & the approach of death. His disease was of a nature peculiarly to deprive the mind, & I think to make the temper irritable -- (an important weakness) The last spirit was however never seen -- but his constant struggles against it were evident. Three weeks before his last he was surrounded with fine out of his seven children, he experienced great satisfaction, when he saw them around him, his heart was softened by the thought of his approaching separation. He wished to converse copiously with them -- to leave them his dying advice to give an evidence of the faith he had rested on. But his strength of body & mind were spent -- & he lamented it in silent submission. In a short
