struggle next to death; how well my dear sister understood
and assisted you could conceive, the scene of suffering
my love passed through, that I took my little Lena on my
arms and led her back with me again by the dead body
I always had a strong affection for relieving them from
misery, for the Gospel assurance that their own blessed
heaven he had entered into life eternal. I implored his
protesters calm pity for us, who had yet to finish our
cause.
Now opened the door to let the people know it was finished - servants of the Candlady were quite at a loss to
know what should be done, finding every one afraid
of catching the complaint, as we should be of the cyclone fever, I took two women who had sometimes as
well me again shutting the door, with them a postern
did the last duties of the night that I had done all - all that
the tenderest love I could could do. My head had not
rested for a week - three days, though the fatigue had
been incessant done real in twenty four hours.
I still I must work, sleep, pack up two one hour to
our house, carriage take fifteen miles to Lapham
Carleton's own seat old home stand to watch in
the afternoon my turn was brought in departed
the house appointed, in the President's house found
Oh! Oh! Oh! what a day - close his eyes - lay him
out - ride a journey - be obliged to see a dozen people
in my room till night, at night crowded with the
whole force of my situation. At my father's house
the next morning at eleven, all the English & Americans
in Lapham met at the same house Dallas was
gone -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
in all this I am not refusing to dwell on the
many personal sufferings of my dear Rebecca for no mortal strength could support what I experienced. My love
too asked me if I felt afraid he would be separated from me,
I always tried to assure him that where the fond
was so humble as he was, and full of love to God's
will so uniform as he had loved throughout his life,
that it would be sinful to doubt one moment of his
reputation. The words of his address the night before
his death, pray for me, earnestly for him, that his pardon
might be sealed at heaven's throne, prepared, blessed out, after
praying I continued on my knees, lifted my head on the
chair by which I sat, I felt I infinately lost myself I saw
in my place here a little angel, with a pure, unbroken,
spirit of pure white paper in the thro, he looked at
me, held up the paper, and in large letters Jesus,
this, the provision of sleep, was a great comfort - it was
very much affected when I told him, I saw a few hours
before he died "the angel wrote Jesus, he has opened the
door of eternal life for me, I will come here with his
right hand." I had a similar dream the same night -
the heavens appeared a very bright blue - a little
angel at some distance held open a door in the sky.
A large black bird like an eagle flew towards me, stopped
its course, made every thing dark, the angel told
me my bed was in the division, waiting for something to
bed came for - 4 p. a. m., from every friend or country
in the valley of the shadow of death, he had found
comfort in a dream, while faith came in they were realities.
4th June, 1804. Do I hope my dear ones again in my
