Is thus in our own health and friends
and health of safe abode,
Thanks to thy name for mercy thus,
But they are not my God's
have given a ray of slitting health,
Yours compared with this,
to which, my safety in my health
do all my friends to me.
have I possession of the Earth
And collected the stores my own
without they have I myself
have a much emollient.
Sunday morning from early - Securitly denied this day
to procure a decent breakfast to be prepared to attend
on the last duties to my beloved father to listen
to a funeral sermon. for some as I suppose I went to bed of
fire where it had been his usual custom to attend his
private devotions. I thus implored that those that pray
might be present and which he has thus petitioned for in
those prayers which had now ceased and under the
guidance of my heavenly father this life. Before breakfast
dead for ofuttons excellent prayers. Still the salutation
a part of them. Mr. S. conducted the family worship with
great solemnity. He read the account of the resurrection of
Lazarus with reflections I made an excellent prayer
after him part I intend to my parents to spend the morning
at sound retirement after it proved. I meditated on
the past I laid it to heart. This was the third day
that my father had rested in the bosom of heaven,
such it was to the sorrow when he burnt the prison
of the frame of temple the resurrection & the life to light.
So, in small but practical, pleasant wise - the peace
now only certain their claim - their spirit are free due the
presence of their God. Bread in the soup tins - the 103rd
praise - the 104th thank you John & the 8th of Abenarrs where my
fallen and departed sleep requested me to read to him.
When read the burial service from the prayer book,
with great comfort, & afterwards quite nearly true home
in the commencement of this detail.
Bethel, this was directed with us, in preparing
for church I felt heart compassive. It was in part from
insensibility which I had before experienced. I went to
church without agitation, desiring to enter on the funeral
with ordinary expressions. The house was very crowded. The
service was introduced by the following appropriate hymn,
which was carefully sung in different parts.
Why should our mourning thoughts delight
the soul in the dust?
Or why should streams of tears write
around the departing soul?
Did not the Lord, the Saviour die
and thus place on the grave
and not on Lord ascend on high
and pass his form to save?
both not the sacred spirit come
to a dwell in all the Saints?
Was not in the temple, of his fire
Resound with cry complaints?
Have my soul, once like the sun
Burnt to a cale fable cloud,
And now, my voice, to the earth light,
Have faith they sleep alone.
