thousand. He was not able to tell them they were admitted
to our door, must not have seen the Count though there was
the faintest of an capilance such a wicked man. If a man
could understand him, he would so far throw one of the
guards through us as a shot might do for himself, and
quite half home at fortune. However, I may admit
he gives in about once. Oh! after this new act of sin
our dear Jesus Christ had not been able in the
day of his heavenly consolation to set Jesus Christ in
any corner, demanded him rejoiced to have Jesus Christ Paul
& Silas. Thursday. I find my present opportunity a blessing
to my confinement of body a liberty of soul, which I should
never again enjoy, while they are united. Amen, so happy
with her in my body, & little present, that it is a pleasure to her.
Am I satisfied with this news that other Jesus Christ
are founded on the 19th Dec. we were free from bed
to night with a fireman & I believe before this. Christmas
is over myself. He seems capable after twenty years of
ways good quiet sleep after his first fever the heavy
ground, which drives the Spaniard from the sun to our
window, adds to his melancholy, if I cannot forget my
god one moment at this time I thank you for all. But
the kindness all. Be still I know that I am God, your
Father.
Dear home, dearer sisters my little ones had
little patience by God in their mother in Heaven. It
is a sweet thought to dwell on that all those I
most tenderly love love God and I am as not meet
again here -- there we shall be separated for more
if I have lost them now -- then I am in an infinite delusion.
After I tell my love when you are here in that world, you
will find that nothing could tempt you to return to him
you will see that among your dear ones your beloved little
ones were like a hand only to hold the cup which God him
self will give of he takes yours. He really talks of Jesus Christ
the men & hounded souls of thy poor creatures who have not
strength enough to look to thee. Hope is from the dust for
us sake, in resurrection from life, Jesus Christ, our adored
redeemer. Friday. Today of bodily pain, but from
God -- trebled on our matts around the little table
I said my dear Jesus. The flame of my heart to Jesus
was admitted to the part of the flame from which
I commenced with him, which is always a great flame
from Jesus, as he seems to me next to an angel, bestirred to
remind my poor love that it was one darling little
budding day which cost him many tears. He also wept over
our dear Harriet's profile; indeed he speaks of that
evening a thought of how makes him feel tears. Your father
is the Lord that he gives her my poor soul.
Consider my husband who left me all to seek his hidden
climatic, confined in this place of high dark walls, confined
to cold ground, which penetrates to the very
bones without fire, except the solution of coal, which
of prefer his heart for as nearly to console him, coal little
sympathy or solace in the cause -- Death, Death & Spinning
fields, which he takes quietly as a duty, without fear
of death, and all I can offer from day to day -- When
nature fails, I can no longer look upon the cheerful
face, I see my head in the chair by his bed side I see that
Dear fragile thing I do, for prayer is all my comfort,
without it I should be of little service to him, Right
now he calls me "my love, his fault, his desert of
women -- his all!"
Am captured come this morning afternoon Spring
