adjacent by the fight. But when the door opened I saw a lifeless body covered with blood. The doctor -- I know not from the first -- told me the weight of the curse pronounced and death seemed terrible. For a few moments I was terribly agitated -- but the tender solicitude of friends soon restored my composure. About dusk my dear sister left us, after spending three hours among the graves. Soon after the event, he black came, to feel the duties of his sacred character -- to visit the house of sorrow. His conversation sympathetically merged most of things, and he made a most affecting prayer. Jesus please, pathetic! "From this house of mourning send me, let the prayers of the afflicted ascend to the Father of mercies! leave the cares of the world and the fatigues! It is true we cannot lift the veil that separates us from the world of spirits, or follow the feet of our departed friend whither it is gone but we rest in humble hope -- in hope of the resurrection of the just, in meeting together in the armies of blessedness! Blessed religion! such are thy consolations -- such the assurances of thy ministers. Mr. C. had paid us a visit the day before equally affecting. The voice trembling round our beloved parent, I was supporting him. Several friends were in the room. Mr. C. then joined with him in prayer -- I recommended the departed spirit to God who gave it. What a solemn scene! -- to children trembling round the dying bed of their parent -- and a prior's friends joining with them. My father's head nothing of it. He was under the influence of glaenderum, a weakling hand. On the second day
evening after he black left us, his husband's house patronized for some time. By the tender assistance care of our dear sisters, every thing was arranged in the family. The room where my father had expired was put in order, and we to sleep in it. I cannot relate it in the evening. The appearance was changed. Perfect health and order appeared. I attracted no strong ideas to the surroundings of death, and did I feel the end that was left as I should have expected. I felt theintaion in laying down on that place where I had a few hours before sustained his dying body. But there were sensations with regard to the living more painful. I could not rest in this place -- yet as soon as I slept, I secured the presence of my own dear sister, but it was thus necessary and best I my bed was allotted to Mr. P. his wife. My condition however in every respect became an anxious -- by feelings more exhausted, I slept to bed, I slept sunk under an oppressive dream. I was made a most affecting charge before me separated -- his voice faltered in almost lost. When I first put in bed I was agitated, but soon satisfied I fell into a sound sleep. I was aroused about 2 o'clock in the morning of the past. They were tender -- but not cheerful things when I saw the sun rise, I said to myself, "I am tired -- of my little days -- commencing its little dawn -- to my father they are no more -- every one leaves the number less to me than the last will come. I rose early, for soon as Mr. P. got up went to my own bed -- I fell from bodily weakness
