was all his fault." My Saviour! My Jesus! My Almighty Friend
My reconciling Hope! After these expressions he said "It is one
thing to say we are sinful and unrighteous, another to feel it" -
He appeared at this time to have the deepest affection for
the guilt incurred by the fall of his fellow conspirators
of the guilt incurred by the fall of the glorious ransom provided. He spoke of the solemnity of his situation, urging me
to prepare for the same solemn event. He bade a tender farewell to all his friends - his heart swelled full of affection "My dear friends" said he "My wife, my children,
My dear children, Love in peace alone, one with another Let there be no jealousy among you - and the God of Peace
be with you. Lord Jesus, receive my spirit; come and depart, come quickly - amen - I can say no more" The then
seated on the bed quite exhausted. During this address he
said (what I had not recorded) "I shall soon be at rest - I shall be with my God, and those dear friends who
are now there" (he habitually named his friends long since departed) Father, Mother, Brothers, Sisters, Beloved aunt, O
glorious hope - how precious are the promises of the Gospel. It is indeed a solemn gospel. It is the support of my soul
at its last moment, "I had already thought that I should
be taken off suddenly, but it has pleased God to try me
with a long & painful illness. It has been very painful,
but I hope I have borne it with patience. Glory for me and my
children, my dear friends, that my faith fail not" He expressed great tenderness for his children declared
"And how is my heart full with gratitude to God for
having given me such beautiful & affectionate children"
That shut an unwritten declaration as I am present here
seuls children. At another time in the day he said
"What a comfort children are to parents. Sinew indeed
was the fight to see a venerable parent thus surrounded
by his children, qualified to be his best friends, his faithful
minister & apostle - his brother's comforter. There was room
for no other and they professed with delight every sincere
affection for him. What a blessed reward to a noble
& tender heart for him to have this love of his most affectionate
friend. Some of his most affectionate expressions were
when tenderly affected with seeing his children round
him - his son Samuel ministering to him. My sister
looked on with a tearful eye. "You are
my Christian brother" he said to him "You are
my Christian sister" - there tender ties which no writer
can describe - but more glorious than
his expression here was broken in distinct. On Sunday
morning a cough which had troubled him inexpressibly
repeated itself. The anodyne repeated did not allay it.
he suffered greatly from it and the whole night he expressed great impatience to be relieved from pain. He
could not bear to say why cannot I die. But checked
himself with an expression of resignation yet frequently exclaimed "Come, Lord Jesus, come quickly -
My Saviour - My Jesus - My Supporter - My Abright
My Friends - My dear children - My wife - My
dear friends - My dear doctor. But were his words
accent during the paroxysms of the cough. All the
expressions seemed to cling round his heart - almost
the love of God united within it. Every Christian
nature would around him - Patience, forbearance
Fortitude & Hope & the warmest Philanthropy. The
unlaid provision was indeed his "strong in death". His
