interference of their personal or circumstances, disturb
the order, I always feel debatably a depressed
and at this moment, cannot do so even easily
because once my dear husband is away. This day
in the country is the most delightful of all the dangers
it takes in the pleasure, becoming united to my
late sister from 10 o'clock in the morning
to me, my father, is decked with fruit flowers,
my children with 2 servants with their best clothes,
my table covered with victuals and butter have
imparted my entire given strength for a whole week
of useless employment, over, & my mind exhausted
for reading writing & conversation. - Dearly to
morning I sit by my dear husband's bed - one
ante at the same table - my state seldom
comes with this smiling face to receive my
intimation, that, in my little own room I am
always required to see him, when this labour
one me has delighted me to me, to see these
few children who have been labouring all the
week, now starting joyfully around me. - By
dear James too, stands this day with us - On
his affection we go to church as well.
From the force of habit, & from affectionate
ideas, I always awake on sending out
a set of feelings appropriate to the day I
come down stairs, with a favorite on my face
2 cheerfulness in my heart, with a disposition for
employment, an alertness for the influence of duty.
But today I am alone -- neither my husband
a friend nor sister. The house seems deserted, or
rather my heart is sad & that thought a gloom is all around me. The foliage of the woods begin to change, &
the wind is sighing among the trees. These circumstances, which at times are pleasing something to
my mind, now add to its depression. It is
my constant effort to elevate my mind above these
with extreme circumstances, & to lay up within
myself the materials of joy upon happiness, but
while man is a social being, he knows a
pleasure must be chiefly drawn from the relations
of society -- while we love others, others must
have an influence on our happiness or unhappiness.
Your dearest husband on you must the I depend
for the greatest pleasure, for deepest affection & affection.
If your absence did not sadden you, I present
would not represent me.
My precious little ones! how sadly are you,
while I sit by the bed, with a resigned heart listen to
the wind, watch the falling leaves, & except that my
last few minutes -- how gay are you floating about,
unaccountable of the changes of circumstance & season,
your minds look not forward, nor reflect on the past.
The present moment is the whole of life to you.
