"Oh ye blest source of permanent delight!
"Tell me one more time! casting beyond bounds
of possibility of self is this"
When in the dark French, I said to myself -- it is the
knell of a departed home -- another of the little vessels
yet remains as is gone -- the sands are almost run out.
My hopes have fled as a spider's web vanishes
with dawn -- or what? A father of abysm,
of dead eternity! how surely men!
And can eternity belong to me?
Poor prisoners on the horizon of our home?
How poor, how sick, how object, how august,
how complicated, how incomprehensible is there!
Compelling wonder, who makes such a thing!
How clad in an iron suit of iron chains!
How different nature, marvellously varied,
Corporal capacity of distant worlds!
Destiny itself sunk in belief's endless chain!
Midway from nothing to the deity!
A heaven attentive, full of tab script!
This fully'd & dechened, still divine!
Divine miniature of swathe's absolute!
In love of glory a frail child of dust!
Self-sufficiency fatal to infinite!
A home? A God! I think it all myself
End in myself am lost! Let home a stranger,
Thought wander up & down, unforged of heart,
And wandering at her own -- how reason takes!
Oh! what a miracle is man to man,
Triumphantly distressed! What joy, what dread!
Altogether transported, alarmed!
What can preserve my life -- what destiny?
An angel's arm can't snatch me from the grave;
Legions of angels can't confine me there.
Such ideas crowded on my mind whilst I supported my
father's disquieted frame. It seemed to trouble to the
center the fabric was ready to release its prisoners,
who was struggling for life -- My sister considered it
to birth. The analogy held good throughout, though
tranquilly discussing on the subject -- while thus in the
new prospect of eternity -- Oh! what a dream did
life then appear, when we looked back upon it.
Several of Watts's lines frequently presented
themselves
"Ye can make a dying bed
From soft as during fallacies are
While in his breast I lean my head
And create my soul out of earthly thine."
"Why do not troubles to convey
Their bodies to the tomb
Then the dear flesh of Jesus lay
And left a long preface
Of the graves of all his saints he blessed
And softened every bed,
What should the dying members rest,
But with their dying heads."
The following lines my dear sister repeated most
beautifully -- She seemed like a ministering angel, whispering
out such sounds as her dying father can, and preludes to
the strains of Heaven --
