always, that it had been my custom at this time to attend on
my dear father, I thought I should take the last opport-
unity that remained. I looked some hours, resolved to
spend some time in the room with him. When I first entered
the room a carriage which at first startled me -- he was
his opinion. I had not been prepared for it. I approached
the body, pronounced the face deeply lashed for regret
but could not see him. And the weakness of nature
was such that I experienced a desire of tears instead of
tears. I struggled to overcome it -- walked and yet
returned again -- there was a slight motion of the muscles
that started me -- Oh! my feet! -- "What time
was it? -- I continued a considerable time
struggling with this weakness -- endeavored to read
young, I compose my mind; but I could not succeed.
The data was lost first -- and I scarcely felt power to
spend it. Had I, in the smallest degree spared to this, it
would have amounted to a sacrifice, I should have renounced
time helpless. I went to my own room after 31 had
rested, where I remained in bed till the morning of the
following morning -- of my dear brother's death, my
friends were occupied in preparations for the funeral.
Every thing was conducted with the greatest
silence and order. Shortly before dinner Dr. Smith arrived
from P -- I was affected and satisfied in everything he
had said a valued friend. He conserved with us
for some time the last and most solemn. I went
with him to look at my father's body, in hopes that
I might receive some new impression. But I did not.
I had to relinquish the hope. I had expected to feel
much more one -- by interrupting the Civil ceremonies; but
my heart again sunk in a kind of apathy. I could
not realize what was going forwards. It seemed as
if my father had been consumed. When the funeral
went, I looked out, to discover to realize the event
but I could not see it. After returning from the funeral,
my friends collected together. Dr. Smith connected with
us for a considerable time, on the momentous subject
of death. Their event to prayer with us. I knew he
now was so much improved by the Lord's prayer. Each
part of it seemed to have a new meaning. "Our Father
which art in heaven!" I felt a new light -- my heavenly
father appeared in a new character. I felt that my divine
ancestors were more than ever -- "allowed to be here now"
"I could now with new humility before him I say this
"My hope now comes." Thus I prayed with fervor and love --
"They will be done in earth as in heaven" My whole
heart responded to this. "Give us day by day our daily
bread" for thus he had kindly provided for me yet was
the meal before me, I felt more uncertain what in
existence I might experience -- "Imagine no more trespasses
(as I desire them will enable me to forgive those
that trespass against me)" I prayed -- "And leaders
not into contemplation" -- I thought now be me them
ever exposed to it -- and I felt that I was -- my humility
was underfeud by the homage of affection that
was paid to me.
During the evening I felt much oppressed by the affair
that filled my heart. I approached myself, I declined
