by Major Beans; but was so discontented with his
situation that in a few months he again came
to Mr Smith with the same request, this
was again denied. The poor fellow, separated
from all those whom he loved, with
a cruel master, was so mistaken, that
he ran away. After concealing himself about
a week in the woods, he at last ventured
here, I again besought Mr Smith to lay him.
His eyes were sent in his head, his cheeks
were hollow, I he looked almost worn
out with watering & hunger. I felt
extremely affected, I to persuade him, seemed
in clearly the dictate of humanity, that Mr
Smith consented in case his master would
part with him promising him at the
same time to set him free at 35 pounds
in case he behaved well. Pepy was always
so said he would leave nothing undone to please
Mr Smith. He did persuasion to
remain here until Mr S. could write to his
master & get a to answer; believing him, however
that he would run the risk of being taken
as his master would learn from the letter
where he was. This will he was willing
to run.
He was here two weeks, 2 rop pay 2 safety that
he was singing from morning to night, his feet
often stepping company with his voice. He was
so obliging, a quiet demeanor, so affectate I loved
to the children, that I became quite attached to
him. I don't think Major Beans called on me,
he was alone, & unarmed, so that his appearance
reappeared one as to his profession -- He told me
he & Mr Smith had not yet agreed about the
price, but that he thought they would & that
he intended to return to the City for that purpose,
but that mean while he would to talk to safety,
I was so free from suspicion that I directed
him to the spot where he was at work & he
rode off -- not long after safety came running
to the door. Our hands clashed 2 carried out & came
come Mysteries, safety begs you will come, they
have got him bound to a tree! I was the
way the streets, but I encountered a lot I saw
him at a distance, found a conductor along
several men. I stopped, but asked as bad
as I could to Major Beans to come to me,
he saw me, I changed my signal, -- I was quite
out of breath when he came, but after
recovering myself, Sir said I, it is your interest
& not your humanity that I address --
