and cannot be fostered beyond the narrow limits of this
little garden. Without the support of this small
but most important garden, I would not have been
able to pursue the work of my life, which is the
description of plants for the Royal Gardens at Kew.
Poor indeed would life be, even to the richest
in its enjoyments, if it was not connected with
the life to come. The seed which the farmer
holds in his hand is small in quantity &
of little value; it is for the sake of it produced
that he labours his labour & experiences anxiety.
Thus the circumstances of life are in themselves
but of little moment, but on their cultivation depends
the harvest we shall reap in futurity. I
think of this, & of the husbandman labouring
the winter or the summer in order to obtain his small & precarious
harvest, state not I cheerfully discharge the duties
of this life, in order to gain a hoped immortality.
As one of the ancient writers has observed, life
is a stage, on which our parts are given to
us, & it is not he who acts with the highest character
but he who acts with the lowest that defains
the affrontation of the Manager.
Oh my children remember this, & however humble,
the part allotted, endeavour not
only to act it well, but to act it willingly -- A willing
mind makes labour easy & a cheerful heart makes duty
pleasant. -- seldom have I to struggle with discontent,
or despondion of spirit, & when I find myself enjoying
a questionary the pleasure & duties of life, generally
check this habit of the soul, which is indulged, leads
inevitable to discontent. -- I have been thinking
this morning, that it would amuse, & perhaps
interest me, to read a brief diary of my
unseasonable occupation, state of mind, a state of the
weather. -- I know not if I shall find either method
& leave to pursue this, however I will make
the attempt -- This little record may instruct me
to do better, when I think it will be read by
my dear daughter. -- The weather for a few days
past has been so oppressively warm, that it
has interfered me for every creation. Now have
to order men, necessitise with a long continued
strength, we have had scarcely any thunder or
rain to clothe summer & many streams & things
are dry, so that all the mills for many miles
round are stopped & the flour I have been able
to obtain has been from a windmill.
