On the choice of a profession or situation
in life.
I have often thought there might have been fixed
from the first dawn of thought, in a determination for some
state of life as to the choice of one whose authority may
influence and prejudice them in favor
of his opinion. The general aspect of considering the genius
of little use unless we can be told how the genius can
be known. If it is to be discovered only by experiment, life
may be lost before the revelation can be fixed; if any other
intelligence are to be found, the more desirable to our early
recovery. It is not to misrepresent an attempt to
profit by having mistaken the determination of the genius, my
opinion not life necessarily demanded in regard to knowledge,
than others in. Therefore no one has much reason to
complain that his life was blotted out by his ignorance or
lack of intelligence. He should have died more honorably
by being abandoned to the chance of human
fortune. Every man who is in the choice of his own
profession or situation must balance all the arguments
on both sides; the complication is so intricate. The motive
& objections is numerous. There is so much danger for the
indignation & so much remorse in the power of others that
reason is at last forced to yield its neutrality. To discern
decisions into the hands of chance & after a final part
of life spent in enquiries, which can never be resolved
the rest must often pass in repenting the unnecessary delay
& can be useful to few other persons than to warn others
against the same folly & to show that of two states of
life equally consistent with religion & virtue he who
chooses either chooses best.
Samblter
is preserved to you by the goodness
of God who bestowed you upon me, it may the life he
has prolonged be devoted in such a manner as may promote
your earthly eternal happiness, may I be enabled more
profitably to perform all my duties, then indeed shall I have
reason to rejoice that I shall live, if by living I can do good
& fight I received from the indiscriminate firing of a gun,
produced a misfortune -- this power has merged yet in, in the
education of children, to attend to their physical as well
as moral habits; education, however, is not confined to instruc-
tion of the mind, but extends likewise to the care of
the body, for on its strength, agility, health & activity
greatly depend the same properties of mind. Benefitfully
I shall most abundantly endeavour to correct the
prejudices in which I have been accustomed to consider the disease
of the mind as a physical disease, which has been the cause of the distress
& painful torments which I have experienced in my life. I have long been
suffering from weakness of nerves, but never before so painfully suffered
from its consequences; after this warning, quite sure
that no other remedy can be found, I am a physical
disease must be treated as such; I shall immediately
accustom myself to the resort of fine aromatics, &
on such a slight cause as a sudden noise, does
human life depend! Had it not been for this, I
might have been the mother of a fine son!
During this illness I was very ill, worse than
at the birth of my dear daughter; the perhaps it
</
