The Spirit raised my favorite up.
When he had bled for me;
And spilt of hell and death, shall remain
My father's name and thee.
Awake ye saints, that dwelle in dust,
Upon your graves, praying for me,
And let his dying servant break
From unending sleep
His Convent made a very solemn prayer, deeply confessed of
pleasure from Supreme - first part of the 20th verse. The Church
text was "The beloved man departeth hence, they shall be found." It was characteristic in
the nature of solemnity the preacher applied it to the departed. The style seemed to me to want warmth, brevity,
but the fault might have been in myself. I heard the joy of others while I did not find it in me. There was
a profound silence & the most serious attention. Such a tribute of devotion is most grateful to our hearts. We
hear you long, that has left us numerally repeated the still lives in the finished sermon home of the poor.
Many say they have lost their first friend of fellow, their last. Such a reflection has not brought this
sothing idea to the experience of our father in his last moments, when sent him himself. It is a reward
of virtue which is promised in Heaven. After this, to Mr Patterson & Willian, & to Mr Potter & the children we
have left us, & to the country we have, a number of friends they give together -- The 39th Station of favorite of
our fathers -- The 17th Regiments now vain are all things here below -- "He has as from the earth we came" -- others, our
dear father seems to be in the midst of us. After supper Dr S. prayed most affectionately with us. And
then ended a week of sound retirement from the prospect of
time, of contemplation of death, of eternity, the night before
day, it was good to be here -- and that to go to the house of
morning was better the house of freedom. I could adopt the words sentiment of that finest part,
where he says of Jesus --
"When the mounds of war are heaving
When the heart is all resigned,
When the solemn feast of victory,
Is the Sabbath of the mind."
The next day was a Sabbath, and the happiest week of my life.
