hope's death on dear Carlton (who was to stay with us
some days), him meant to rest in hopes of a second night but
that I seriously feared the fellow-soldier of the 17th who made my
bed before he called me to help him from that moment
he laid complaint (of the wounds) about the 3d. told me
he must be deafened, came on Wednesday, a kind of languid
weakness seized the mind, as well as composed the body.
he must have died in the physician's opinion he might
die in the attempt -- but there was no possibility of rescue
it was concluded that opposition would be made from any
side & carried down in a chair, supported in my trembling
arm with fellow-soldiers, we rode, etc., my father, well did you
see whether we in that struggle in five minutes he was
forced to return, he set him out of the coach and I am certain
he passed from the bed -- made can never tell.
Friday. The complaint seemed to leeward indeed
again he must -- lost the lady of the charge with us,
returned in better spirits, I was able to help him, but
that night must be good, but that was the end.
Saturday Constant suffering I confined in bed
the division of the wounds so violent that he said he
could not live till morning -- talked with cheerful
hope of his death -- than God God that he had since
must live to reflect & feel his consolation in his mind &
prayer until the hour of a little condolence ended
all midnight: he knew another loss and I had not
time to say -- I said no, my love, for the sweetest
reflections keep me awake. Christmas day is begin
the day of dear retirement birth here, your turn,
is the day that opened to us the door of rendering
life. Yes, he said, then I wish I could have the sentiment.
Well, we must do all we can -- putting a little courage
a slap, I said different portions of psalms & prayers, which
I had marked, hoping for a happy moment when we
took the case of thanks given, sitting under the shadow of
time, in the midst of the joys of eternity. But so hopelessly
that those joys were so thoroughly planned to him.
On Sunday 6 o'clock came I was now saved in
his change to take me home, with a compromise that
made me look old -- did not pass a moment from that day
was spent on my knees at his bed side, every moment demanded
look from my heart unceasingly prayed to be relieved that day & followed
him in prayer, whereas he had the best disposition of extreme
suffering. Monday, time so impatient to be gone that seemed
severely for made him to cut his rope, but kept constantly
calling for his redemption to pardon & release him. As he always
meant to have the man of his own spirit, I had no contemplation
Carlton left us on our way, and every promise
of the Scriptures I cannot remember. Fruitful prayer, continually
repeated to him, which seemed to be his only relief --
when I stopped to give him any thing -- why do you do it, did
de I want? I want to be in Heaven, forever free for my sake.
At nine he had struggle ceased, Nature sunk in a fit
the god, my dear wife, little one, and my child Jesus, have
many precious ones, was all I could distinguish, again
repeatedly "My Christ Jesus, until a quarter past seven,
when the dear soul took its flight to the blessed
enfleshed it so much loved for. I often asked him when
he could not speak, you feel my love, that you are
going to your redeemer, the restored Jesus, with a look
up of peace. At a quarter past seven on Thursday
morning, 27th Dec. his soul was released, I came from
