joyful anticipation of future glory. "Eyes had not seen, " said
they in a solemn sublime spirit, "nor ear heard, nor heart
attained into the heart of man to conceive"—this divine
knowledge he saw and afterwards said with great emotion
"I know now! I blot aside!
I shall be near to take my God;
no conflict from no more continued
the same pleasures of my soul."
From this time his language became more varied till his last
moments—his last expired breath spoke prayer. Other expressions
at this time are recalled to my remembrance. He said "To
die in fervour! The promises of God are certain"—I doubt I
shall have his stay in his bed to comfort me as I walk thru the
dark valley—That wormes of the dust should be him of an
inhabitance incompletes and undefiled!— He praised—"I can say
no more he added I knew apprehended to fall into a sweet slumber.
Sister Spring have them left here in Lenten house. Mr. John
he writes to Mr. So— his wife remains with us. My father opposed so low that I determined not to leave him till the
night! It was the first that it had appeared to me capable of
remain with him for the for many nights his rest was
much disturbed, he required no attention. He lay there a
patient & quiet sufferer. More than two weeks before
his death, the tribulations of his uncomfortable state, he said he
was often tempted to say with Job "in the morning and
at God I will speak with the morning I will speak to God
"I am ever yours" But such expressions were scarcely
ever uttered. He was truly a patient of patience. Those
often came to see him, when any little thing occurred to
arouse his inclinations, struggle to refresh his emotions, I have
taken from badly weakened this would occasion a tear to
fall in his eye. Before 11 o'clock on Sunday night he
appeared so ill that we called up Mr. John the wife who
had put some to bed—He had much painful suffering this
the night with violent breathing, and then the whole in
freed resignation, only and finally desiring to depart. He
the evening he said to Sister Peggy that he desired
from seven o'clock in the morning he appeared more compos
fed, but incidently fast approaching to his end. When I saw
the sun rise, thought it would give the last courage for
him in life. He spoke more of his end as near them he had
done— seemed deeply impressed with the solemnity of death,
seriously affected at the thought of separation— yet eager to
be gone, I cannot reflect doubtless any of his expressions
at this time. But they were such as made it appear to have
at his children around him, for me thought them his last
but he was permitted after this to afford us abundant sol
lations by saying a great deal more. About 1 o'clock
Mr. Kennedy from Kentucky came in the room— he had come
profusely to visit my father, little expecting to enter of such
scene the bed was surrounded by many weeping friends,
he was seated in the bed, and looking round upon us seemed
most affected to speak with a little above, he
gained strength by inspiration delivered a regular Christian
address to us. I have but an indistinct recollection of what
he said, but remember the solemn introduction—"My
friends, when I see you all around my dying bed—I do
not remember how he continued—but he spoke much of the
glory of the Redeemer, of his implicit trust in him, of
the wonders of divine Grace—that doubt should
be put eternal life—"Heirs of God," and "saints with
Jesus Christ." He spoke with the deepest humility of
himself as a sinner—totally unworthy! But that Christ
