to spend it, and I think best. I have hitherto considered
being left to such entire solitude, but perhaps Science
finds it for the best & I am now my firm resolution
to try more faithfully to discharge all my duties,
to better to improve my time, than I have hitherto
ever done. The reflections of this morning, with I hope
attends these benign influences over many, many months
to come. -- Has many duties been neglected this
last winter, few have my time ever to waste! Now
the year I have this morning shed over the loss of
so many months, with not obliterate my faultless,
but may manifest the good intentions for the future.
Great necessity have I pressed to my Heavenly Father,
for his aid, during the winter I have particularly
to reproach myself for having neglected
the duties of charity to most particularly of these
unfortunate families. The widow that only herself
of her husband, out of her property, I regret to have
consolidated & supported, & I should have instructed
the children of the other families & if possible
have assisted them. -- I cannot think of these neglected
objects of charity, without bitterly reproaching myself
for that indolence which was the cause of their neglect.
Alas! to how many nice, dear, indulgence had, it
in the course of my existence on my error flowed, --
for God has given me neither a bad heart nor a
wicked head, to get I commit faults which are
incidents to better -- To my creator, making
me not only grateful for the talents, then had committed
to my charge, but enable me to use them in or
to benefit others, thus myself a glorify thee, -- Whenever
I am placed, I find myself blessed beyond those
who surround me; that I know this I not alone
thine, who hast thus covered me with thy
living kindness & that I love thee without laying
to express my love & how can I express it but by
imploring to others, of those good things thou hast
given me; but by improving the talents committed
to my charge. In my creation, enable me to do,
that one day I may received thine blessed award
"come then faithful servant, thou hast been faithful
of thy few talents, come & I will make the most
use of them -- I have several poor neighbours,
& among them one poor family in which are
5 helpless & ignorant children; may I be enabled
to do for them all that my heart now renders
