values require that the franchise was not made
for who knows but power would have consisted
in an asset or other. -- Oh never may we own
"Slavery"
While I sat in the kitchen, interrupting
the festivities, I read a few pages in the Christian
a book I never read without improvement &
delight.
The advice every one, for a short time
at least to keep a journal,
"I recommend to every one of my readers the
"keeping of a journal of their lives for one week, &
"setting down punctually their whole series of em-
ployments during that space of time. This kind of
self examination would give them a true state of
their selves & enable them to consider seriously what
"they are about. One day would mark for the owner
"of another to make a man enough all those
"and different actions, which they are easily forgotten
"must certainly be accounted for."
This father on slavery I hope I shall remember
with profit, particularly the following paragraphs
"There is hardly any one without some alloy
of it & I recommend spend more time in an idea
universality which to begin first of two affairs. Then
will have been sufficient to have saved them both.
The occasion of this seems to be the want
of some necessary employment to put the spirits
in motion & awaken them out of their lethargy. If
I had left leisure I should have more; for I find them
find time time distinguished into portions, some for business
some for pleasure; but now one face of existence overloads
the whole & I have no land more to direct myself by.
Since ever time a little restricted by business, like
water enclosed in its banks, it would have some deter-
mined course, but unless it be put in some channel
it has no current, but becomes a deluge without
either use or motion.
I can dispense any violent agitation & afford
a torrent of anger, or the satisfaction of revenge, with
success, but violence in a stream which flows slowly
on, but yet endangers the foundation of every virtue, a
vice of a more lively nature were a more destructive agent
than the rest of the mind, which gives a structure
of its nature to every action of our life. It were as
little hazard to be lost in a storm as to lie thus for-
feitively becalmed, & it is to no purpose to have within
me the seeds of a thousand good qualities, if we
vent the regimen & regulation necessary for carrying them
death brings with it from me to an equality of their
image of it, this slender of the mind, leaves no
difference between the greatest genius & the meanest
understanding; a facility of doing things immediately
present with them revealed is of no more use to
the poor, than a boat of gold to the man
that does not use it. Success is still the fatal
time when all is to be modified: tomorrow comes,
