have a spirit more stronger than death at some moment the
thoughts of suffering seemed deeply to affect him thus given
a struggle between the law of nature & those of grace. At no
time he uttered the word "part" soon after God, "and damn
but half for God". Inequally when he has, rather put governs
on his countenance, I have seen the tear fall in
his eye the pressed my hand with great tenderness without
speaking. In the last extremity of nature I saw him
on Friday morning they offered him amniotic fluid
reactions, for his physicians did not think his pulse indicated
a real approach of death. He said why do you give them
to me? They will only prolong life prolong my pain. Have
you not it is my duty to end it. It is right. As soon as
the physicians understand in the morning what he had suffered
from the length, they gave him a dose of Laudanum & demanded
that he did not return him shortly. It soon had a happy effect,
with her the contemplation of seeing one dear father in
turn from suffering dying quietly, the continued of part
of the day -- the Laudanum was contained in a small
pillow, it was necessary for him to be carried
suppated in the bed. The happy change I solicited
was fixed behind him. He appeared peaceful and they
but his treatment seemed to indicate the approach of
death. His breathing was loud with some rattling
of phlegm -- but not so much as to be very distressing, &
the idea of the spirit of the Laudanum confounded me --
that our father did not experience any suffering -- but
this idea how happy did I feel, while supporting this poor
man's burden -- supporting the body of my dying father
whilst the sad of life was fastening her department
of spirit; and angels were waiting to receive him to the
harps. What a conjunction! I felt perfectly happy.
I felt only on the turn to get ready to stand by
each over it. The language of young constantly pre-
sented itself to me --
"This is the end of life, the sun down,
The twilight of our day, the vestigial
Lies, Death as yet is shut, and Death
strong dealt, alone can leave the heavy bar,
The joy, confidence, & glory remain,
And no he us, enter into Gerestice, free.
Emphasize me must be till we trust the shell,
Your ambient flame shell, and grasp to life,
The life of God, & transport, and of Man --
Yet from, good man, here turns all his thoughts,
Inter celestial hopes without one faith,
Christian charity, of pure benevolence, the moon
Here silences all his wishes, caught by Heaven
So fly at infinite, break it true --
When temples gather immortality,
An life's fan tree, fast by the throne of God:
What golden joy an angel cluster flew
In his full beam, & whispers for the first --
When momentary age are no more!
When time, and pain, chance, & death expire!
The spider's most attenuated thread
Is cord, is cable, to man's tender tie.
On earthly ships, it breaks at every hinge --
Oh! God
