you must find me a Lizars, willing to leave your Lazaretto, a
bond from each, if it were possible, that I might carry off my poor
prisoner to rebuild the air of the man, an some more respectable
place to keep a poor soul who comes to your country for his
life, thirty days, that is a damp navel; such a friend from
all quarters blowing even the curtains round his bed, which is
only a mattress on boards (his bones almost thin) from the
shadow of death, hemming him, if he may, stands a few minutes, it is
a sole Pisa for his head. In this day his prospects are very
far from Pisa. But, tho very heavily fallen, I know that
though contradictory events are permitted, I should by they mind
know what only is right -- we are in darkness, must lie
thankful that our knowledge is not wanted to perfect
thy work, stills keep in mind that infantile mercy which
is pouring the suffusions of the finishing baby, thus provide
for our finishing finish so close an opportunity of
fort from home for our eternal life, when we shall
assuredly find that all things have worked together for
our sake, for our sun must go down. Thursday, I
finished reading the twentieth chapter, which we began the
5th, but they bill as far as Ezekiel, where I have
always, used to my own satisfaction, but the latter lessons
appeared in the form of truth to him -- to day read his
several passages in Isaiah, which he enjoyed so much
that he was carried for a while beyond his troubles. Indeed our reading is our magicians comfort. Who says he
feels like a prisoner brought to the light of day for many
years of darkness, when he heard the sentences of the
law of God & therefore found, but not discerning what
part he had in them or feeling that they were the
fontain of eternal life. Friday night. A heavy day, part
of our former letter -- sent alone -- they have better one
to night, expect to find my life gone tomorrow; but
he rests quietly & God is with us. Saturday, Sunday, Monday,
Melancholy days, of combat with nature's meekness for
the courage of hope, where the new coal from the Lazaretto
to Pisa presented. Monday, Arias with the light,
had every thing prepared for the anxious hour -- at ten
all in readiness, the eleven held the hand of my love,
while he was seated in the arms of two men, conducted
to the church, surrounded by a multitude of joyers
all singing out "6 Panem et vinum" -- while my heart beat
almost to fainting, lest he should die in the execution;
but the air revived him, his spirit was cheerful & this
fifteen miles of heavy roads -- he was supported, appeared
stronger than he sat out. My father & my God was
all my full heart of thankfulness could utter.
Let me stop back myself of Dean & this the remainder
of my memorandums with that sincerely character of
what has been so far at hand to, whether in the mind of
somewhat articles, which are prepared in so small an
space of time, the omission of feeling can be suppressed,
& my soul stand simply before my God -- for every moment
of it spent in his praise, I therefore it shall be followed.
Sunday, 10th Dec. My father was opposed
the greatest friend of the day on a sofa, delighted with
his change of situation. Taste diligence in every thing
around him, every necessity comfort within his reach --
he need, compared with present -- called of heavenly
