Sidney January 14, 1825. Morning
your letter written on New Years day, was in every way
most welcome news to me. The pleasant intelligence that Mr Boyd was received
from his dangerous & alarming illness -- that he was more free from
his friends as usual, & to all of the children's holiday pursuits -- dear little creatures! how happy their father must
have felt in seeing them round him, enjoying their toys
& super plants, with the hope of being spared to them. -- Dear
Marian, I felt much more anxious than I expected during
my husband's illness & my mind was filled with the most
bleakness for beddings on your account. -- I feel truly grateful
that the dawn of his life has passed away & that the bright sun of hope & happiness
once more shines unclouded on your domestic circle. --
Present to dear Mr Boyd my most affectionate wishes
for his perfect recovery & long continued health -- add to
these wishes, thanks for his kindness to our home friends, &
to you & my sister are they due. I felt no doubt of your
kind attentions to her, did your circumstances allow of it --
In her letters to Mrs Bannford & myself she speaks most
gratefully of kindness which she says has been her
expectations. I feel impatient to hear of further details
concerning her. Her old she had the day she died with
her. In what circumstances did she embark? Did the fact
lay for any attention? I am let me in your last
letter, had arrived & I have consequently been in daily
expectation of a letter from him. Fearful of a similar
disaster befalting my other MSS. -- I have kept it in
order to have it read. This is almost done & so happy
to send it to you. I am I feel anxious for the Doctor's
visit. The Bleachery opinion of Lucy & as they are very sparing of
words, I will thank you my dear Marian to tell me what
they say.
Had Mr Boyd been able, I should have
desired to have seen him here this winter & had
reached on your account as he has. The state of affairs
in the city is deeply interesting, not only to those who feel
a personal interest but in a political & even Philosophical
view -- In my last letter I told you of my being injured
& I enjoyed it so much, that
