November 12. 1824
Thanks you my dear Maria for your long answer to my
long letter - I wish you could often find leisure in a rainy day to let
your library answer to me - do that I could be by you! I almost enjoyed
in the trainings which you paid all our friends - such ventations are
refreshing to the heart! I rejoice to hear of the wellspout of their new
friends - particularly that Sally Dodge has recovered her health & spirits,
for poor Susan - I knew not what to say - her case is another
that only grew worse instead of better - we have often written to
her to urge her coming on here. This as you may easily believe
is done solely for my duty - for to tell the truth I dread the effect on
it only myself, but on family - Sally however is the first consideration
should she come on the Springs, as she now appears - Just so may
it go for her & for ourselves - I trust Mrs Dodge will be benefitted
by the change - this excellent friend is one whom I have long
esteemed & for whose health & welfare I feel deeply interested.
I cannot tell you my dear Maria, how much I longed to be
with you while at Brunswick - I shall miss these sisters ever again
but I enjoy such heart felt happiness as on February 1822 -
at birth day & the 3 succeeding days, more among the very happiest
of my life. - Dear Sister! her death and The Honesty round the clock for
her - I have felt the last, I can with truth say, much more painfully
than I felt the recurrence of a similar event to myself. I had been
for some time watching the paper with great solicitude, yet from
that Judge Sentenard told me, I looked for Mr. H's re-election & was
disappointed for the result. Tell me, if this event will materially
feed the comfort of the family - I do not know exactly what are
his resources, The from what he himself told me, I fear they
are now be very limited. But the worst effect it affords him is
the deprivation of employment, which Park, acts himself enforce
the vacuum, it will make in his life - his mind. He is too
old to earn out for himself any new occupation & I fear his
time will hang heavily on his hands - a circumstance which always
produces deprision of spirits. I have not heard from Sister since 2 until
do hear, I scarcely know how to write - give me on this subject
but details you cannot expect to enter upon in the other individuals
of the family. - Dear Sister! - Poor Judith Scott is in a most deplorable
state of destitution & affliction. I presume you have heard of Van Scelts
death - The family had just removed to the Eastern Shore & were delighted
with their new situation. Their neighbors were most kind & hospitable
& it was Julia's intention to open a school - I fear she will now have
neither health nor talents - Her father & sister Maria are both without
admirable dependant on her for support. They require exactly the same attention
as children - Maria, something mine, she is quite deranged & some
times so violent as to require strict confinement & coercion. And only
in a large & helpless family she is utterly destitute of any means of support
excepting such as she & her children can gain by their industries, besides
son & daughter a small country news printer, which yields little or nothing - and
my friend Mrs Cattley too - is still wholly unprovided for - at times these
thoughts make me quite melancholy.
