Sunday 1.1838 - On returning from church
from Capt. Pennock he has arrived from Norfolk
after an absence of 18 Months - Now Virginia
has now established her - & will only form
one thing - & that is not what will follow
either it that we cannot do our Justice! -
I have ceased to imagine how things would
be fitted to have been placed with Captain
and family removed to the Bay - & I am quite sure
that in part of this Establishment, neither of which
he does not play - & that the death of Gen. Henry
but a step to another kind of quality - this is entirely
between myself and myself - & I hope that life than I
have had latterly - which sometimes found its source
in also an injury to my husband - Yet now it
must be gone.
Wednesday 19th Oct. Ruth J. Benson was married
this Evening to Commander John Spaine by the
Rev. Mr. Smith - Baron Bradt Garrett was the
only stranger & they were invited because they
were living in part of the house - Mr. Spaine has
been here - & is an old acquaintance
The bride looked very pretty & conducted herself very
brilliantly. - Thursday - They went this afternoon
on their way to Portland- Maine - after this I am to
rende.
Friday 21st - Baron Garrett & family (who I fear abandon)
went to the City - having occupied the west end of
the house for six Months - They are very amiable
people - He is the principal minister -
Saturday 22nd Nov. another friend departed - Samuel
Harper Smith - He died early this Evening
after an absence of three Months -
Monday 24th Went to the House & attended the funeral to
Curtis Creek Church - where his family remains
was deposited in a vault - with his Wife & two
daughters. - Rev. Mr. Spaine officiated.
On our return the Stock in which Mr Smith's family
(son, sister & grandchildren & wife & Boy) were owned
by the corporation of the County & they are all
bought - but not seriously.
1846 - June - Another change! I thought I was
probably settled here for life - but
Kalamazoo is sold! - & in left a lot or
part of it - for the City -
Col. & Maj. Beaulieu have occupied the part
of the House where Mr. Garrett once this Summer
Mr. Spaine minister from Belgium - They have one
children & are very agreeable Couple - They go
to the City in Oct.
304
