mentioned that Mr. Shaw the President's Secretary
had been at his father's house some days in conversation
from the former. I was much pleased with the City
Mayor Jackson also had been there & thought there
was no doubt but that Congress would adjourn to
some hour. -- The Committee received a letter from
the Secretary of the Navy (Walden) mentioning that the
President's time being occupied in the Senate was now
conspicuous that he intends commencing his furniture here
in June. -- The Committee were willing to take a look
at the Capitol House, which begins to make a handsome
appearance. -- On our return we met Mr. John Grant
who with Mr. J. P. King served as clerk in the office.
In the evening Mr. Lincoln wrote from Mr. King's
requesting him to send for his brother's personal
praise & congratulations of his important victory (Battle
of Lee's Mills). -- Mr. King stated his intention to
Wednesday -- 8th Mr. Lincoln called before we came down
stairs to see if Mr. Lincoln would go to Mr. Vernon with him
He stated that Mr. Lincoln got an answer from Mr. King
as he had invited them to dinner -- Mr. King was sick
Therefore they could not come. -- Mr. Lincoln
stated that while they were preparing to set off --
Mr. Wm. Dennett came to get a deed acknowledged
to Mr. Lincoln having the power of a magistrate in the City --
about noon Mr. Lincoln & I went off -- I went
to Mr. Lincoln's office to inquire if he would
allow me to get another glass, as I broke one
he put in before, with a touch, as soon as I
brought it home. -- Employed myself in copying
from the Official documents -- and entering pieces requesting
General Washington out of our Newspapers to
participate together in a Work. -- The rest of the day came
Thursday, 9th -- a very fine day. Clear & Cold. The
temperature frozen over. -- Mr. Lincoln walked
up from his house, invited us to go dinner with him
to dinner, which we declined being engaged in Work.
We came up again in the afternoon with his wife
and tea. I spent the Evening with them -- Mr. Lincoln
told them home -- they reside beyond the
Capitol about a mile 3/4 from us. -- Mr. Lincoln
spent some days in Georgia from lately where he
heard a great deal of the impossibility of accom-
modating the Congress in the vicinity of the Capitol
but they spend as they wish -- We hope differently.
Friday 10th it will very likely to know.
I spent the afternoon with Mr. Lincoln. -- Engaged
to send the carriage for her the next day &c &c
to go with her to the Capitol the General Washington
letter in 200000000000000000000000000000000
