which is taken the communication to the Gallery
of the Senate Room.— On our return Dr. S. received
a letter from an old acquaintance (W.B. Gardner of
Dover) wishing to know if he could meet with encouragement here as a Minister of Labor in a School.—
The City is yet too young for a minister to live in
too near Georgetown for an school at present.—
Sunday 5th Mr. R. Forrest called while after breakfast—
— said till our manager came from the same
with whom Dr S. continued conversing till near dinner time.—
— after dinner Dr. said once more to myself
Law & Business & Money & went to see Mr. Betsy
from there Willarding Laird, Durston & Mason
and D. Washington who had all called to see Mr B.
on his return from Annapolis where he had been
as Senator in the State legislature.— Since
they were professing to go to the great Falls, I sent
notes from Gettysburg to see what state the works are
in to know what is necessary to be done first
as the Potomac Company obtained a loan from
the State and they mean to proceed with the Canal
locks as fast as possible.— The Commissioners
of the City of Washington also obtained a loan from
the State to the amount of fifty thousand Dollars.—
Monday 6th. gloomy and morning— Snowed for
about three hours in the middle of the day—
went after breakfast to visit Mr. Deblers— on the
way stopped at the Capitol to get old Elephant
to put a glass into an oval picture frame.—
Saw at Mr. B.— her mother & sister— Mr. J. Philip Dutton
at three o'clock returned to dinner time
in the afternoon copied a little piece from Joseph
Walthamson, Gothic ornaments of the Cathedral of
York.— many of which are very curious & many
very beautiful.— I attended the Commissioners
of the Department in the afternoon with
Genl. Marshall M.B. to request him to propose
to the Congress to pass a secret vote that all Washington
tennis be laid in the same tomb with the
general and write on it in his respect to the
removal of the Empire to which she had consented.
Write to Mr. Washington respecting his request
to obtain a secret part of the late Genl. Blenker
he wishes to paint a whole length picture of him
also to stop Genl. Washington (printer) respecting a
vacancy which he thought might exist in Gardner
Tuesday 7th. after breakfast found Mr. King a man
quite sick— found him quite well only pretty with
violent letters— Mr. Johnson Smith was there, he
271
