August 5th
Saturday I had finished up my trunk, and was ready to depart
older. I think in 24 hours one of our horses was
my nearest friend -- it had got out of the pasture & was supposed
to-night -- D. S. & D. S. principal of the House
and took the evidence to long leave some effect
from the old House Charlemont was -- that they might
take out -- I was expecting some music when a
carriage drove up -- Mr. H. was among the passengers
and Mr. H. the best name to discover -- Williams
went to Alexandria -- I do not know what time
in the morning -- for some with the carriage left town
he was obliged to go all the way to the farm for it --
Mr. H. returned in the evening -- Mr. H. has been
better -- I had a bad head ache.
Wednesday
Mr. Washington asked me to stay longer, and also
should be happy to see Mama there. I stayed longer
not in order it is long again before I came back
we got off after breakfast, we leave to-day
at 10 o'clock -- we stopped at Mr. D. and stopped
in Alexandria to see the point of South Washington
taken from that part of the painting by Steeple -- I do
not like it at all, it is neither a good likeness nor
handsome picture -- We got to town about mid
time, Mr. Lewis stopped at Mr. Peters --
as soon as we came home I had to send down to
Mr. Lewis on some business -- and then to George Town
for a very sick -- Mr. Lewis stopped at the door
with Mr. D. saying you will get a letter I brought for the
House -- Mr. Lewis came up after dinner -- Mr.
Washington came also -- while we were at tea Mr. Washington
talked to Mr. Washington --
Must be bad about the relations I suppose -- Mr. D. of
the Court of some time -- I do not know him --
Mr. Washington
Did not notice as early as Mr. Washington -- D. S.
prophetic went to the office -- Mr. Smith retired -- D. S.
came up -- Mr. Washington retired to look at some
paintings -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington
/
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at
it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look
at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired -- Mr. Washington
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired -- Mr. Washington
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired -- Mr. Washington
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired -- Mr. Washington
retired to look -- Mr. Washington retired -- Mr. Washington
retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to
look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to loo
at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired -- Mr. Washington retired -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it - Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look
at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr. Washington retired to look at it - Mr. Washington retired to look at it --
Mr Washington retired to look at it -- Mr. Washington retired to look at
