June, to speak to him and be promised to call in the
evening. Mr. Fitzhugh came in with Dr. S. I am
wanted to go out immediately with him to his
mill to take an account of payment, but he has
talked at times promised to come, and I luckily
recalled that Mr. Fitzhugh's farm is not in
the District of Columbia, that consequently
Dr. S. could not act as a Magistrate.
They got Mr. R. Smith to go. — After dinner
Dr. S. walked out — Mr. Delattre a Portuguese
travelling as a Botanist in the service of the King
of Portugal, came by Dr. S's invitation to see his
drawings of West Indian Plants. I went for Dr. S. who
was walking somewhere near with Genl. Marshall.
In the Evening after Mr. Bar Costa went, we went
over to Mr. Munroe's to see Mr. Whelchel, who is
just returned from Philadelphia. Here she has been
under the hands of Dr. Whipple with a white
necking in her knee. The 10 cents billary wash —
Her Sister Mrs King also came, her husband is blind
to the House of Representatives. — came home
about ten o'clock
Friday 20th Very warm
Dr. S. our very early breakfasts not returned to
breakfasts — I went to ask Mr. Finney to go to
Genl. Ingraham she sent her horses to put in our
carriage, and as soon as we were ready we called
for her — We visited in Mr. Todd's Templeman
Manor, Ligon, Harrison and Dinsay, the last
has very lately purchased her family by a loan
got home to dinner — Dr. S had returned from
the office and was writing a letter to Mr. Munroe
who did not call according to promise, to go
by Mr. Louie — While writing Mr. Munroe asked
to request him to go up to the little Tavern
a young man named Evans was badly wounded
in a shooting with 14 other men to take a
man named Dougherty against whom a former
vagrant was injured and had been served by
one man before whom he drove out of the house.
Dr. S took a meal of dinner & went — The
man is badly wounded in the Arm with a
longer Dougherty is sent to Martha's Jail.
Mr. Forrest & I returned — he took a train
able to everyone a man came with whom he
had promised to go to Mr. Washington's house
which he thought of printing — Dr. S came
and as Joe was gone to the farm with Dinner
and there was nobody at hand to get a horse
he walked to the Capitol — for returned I
sent a horse for him — He came with Genl.
Bellman and drank tea — They went the
house
