what he went there to return gentlemen a
healthy man I say he thinks he has
done two years in his life.
Wednesday 9th very hot. Set off
after breakfast to go to Genl. Steers
not him I think so the 2d intime our
carriage to return with us, 18th I went
with myself to his house. — a distin of
Mr. S. Lane — Maj. Westfield. — Mr
Gentlemen came to dinner — they
had a very hot ride 8 to 9. I am here since noon
Thursday 9th very finely hot, almost insuffer-
able — Mrs. Simpson came to dinner.
Mr. Alexander Mason Congres, Dr. Tony & Mr
Chamberlin, & Miss Foster a young lady, came to
tea. — Mr. Alexander seemed to be a sensible
clumsy man.
Friday 10th very hot. — We set off to go to
Omaha after breakfast — Mr. Steers was so
grieved as to give us a harm to take to the
field road, and I did not buy one in Salish bay.
Stopp'd in town to buy some sugar — and my
horse is in such a condition that I am obliged
to go home in a carriage ride the roads are not very bad, we got to Omahd
about 5 o'clock. — We Staid at Mr. Cansdale.
Saturday 5th very hot — clouds, appearance of
gentleman writing letters — Mr. Nicholson 2000
weight and 6000 waggs 9th and 10th 4 o'clock
in the evening to a young man there is a cannon
Bought a figure from him for Godd, and leave
my horse to me while we depart in the
evening.
Sunday 11th set off from Omahd intending to go
to Aberdeen the nearest house we found 9 o clock
to Aberdeen which 30 M. which I went to
Omaha stopped at Mr. Berenger's stable we found it not
of our road, came by Paul's store where we
intended to get supper without, but none, went
on to another stable to be directed a little longer
guiding thus a road which never before has
been trod in the north west of
Nebraska, at last we found an over which two
miles of prairie's, then we did not intend to go but
were glad, after having a 20th of miles all
day the ultimate purpose to get into almost
any house — We found this house 800 better
order than last year — they gave us food and
supper 8 o'clock — we went to bed about 10 o'clock.
Monday 12th the road from Omahd to
Aberdeen is very bad, we found 5 o'clock in the
morning late 5 o'clock in the evening to go a distance of
40 miles only — this is almost impossible to horses
from the plains lay me to another, and finally
between we go backwards instead of going forwards
sometimes — It is impossible for strangers to find the
