but the appearance of this place being too
uncomfortable only suited on horses, I took
some middle Strackers -- an extremely hot
day this: I suppose cannot go right for 5
hours in sun & about 5 o'clock reached the
Walthamshp, having missed the road & gone
many miles out of the way. -- We are now at
our place in Lower St. Virginia at a farm
house tavern in the Virginia style -- The people
seemed to belong but every thing dirty, their
armoury of flintlock & halfhacked blacks &
Wood with all kinds disagreeable noises. --
The post was all built by the front of the
winter -- 2 miles off there is mills belonging to
Mr Brackenr.
I can't find time to write, for when we arrive
at the different stages I am either so sleepy or
so hungry, that I can think of nothing but to
stop and take these crowding wants.
Sunday the 21st I got from Washington at 10 o'clock
from I reached Mr. Brackenr's about 1 o'clock
in the afternoon -- I had not been there
since I left Mr. Brackenr's -- I wrote a letter
to Mr. Madison -- Between these last articles
place there was a vein of red earth like the
orange beauty soil -- This is in the bottom of
the Lynchland -- about 2 miles from Mr. Brackenr's
which is first house to Mr. Madison -- We passed
a very pretty looking lawn with a
nice garden containing a peach tree & a grape
tree which I planted from the carriage to both
25 & 75 -- I came on the light horse & 50
6 -- This is on the road to leave our horse behind
part in his gig, then, I his own carriage returned
we arrived at Washington town about dark -- I
in some grieve if my asking for apple smiths
we waited very late for supper, & the everyone
had little or no appetite -- This is a very nice
& well kept house, Washington town quite pretty
& lady like. -- The house is within 2 a mile
of Centerville -- I about 16 from Hills --
Saturday 22 -- Bradford Jones now about one
mile, the house of which appear to be pretty &
since of the fields of corn very luxuriant, but
in general the corn has remained somewhat
smaller than I expected & much to the Southern
people we stopped at a house on the road for
breakfast for a few little boys around
Bingham, who was ill in fact -- left him better
to the journeying till about 10 o'clock over a
very level road we arrived at Brentwood
