February
White, who called to tell us he should not go for
Thursday next morning. — He sent a servant
up to the farm to fetch from the young English
man.— Smith told Mr. Low & Mr. Haynes to remain
at the tent in the barnage to be found when
he left. Mr. W. Morris — Mr. Haynes & Mr. Haynes
came before them returned — Mr. Haynes wrote an
order, being much engaged in preparing to move
into their new house — Mr. Haynes is an excellent
young man, has been in France 2 years, and in
this country among them selfs from North Carolina
— He mentioned in conversation two things
from his experiences — speaking of Mr. Mann with
a magnanimous spirit they say it is audent and
one speaking of the negroes of Texas & Texas' place
today it should be done to Texas? —
We have been until this morning to request our husband
to meet him and come a board at his house tomorrow
to this dinner. We don't want that we cannot join
the afternoon there. — We prevailed on Miss Smith
to let us all night that they might accompany us to
White's — They & White being so far apart as
to make it inconvenient, for us to send for them
the same afternoon that we were to go —
After breakfast we went to White's & Mr.
Smith went to town. — He did not return till
lunching — He stated to meet the George Insufficiency
Committees which united to determine on some
plan for the 26th Sept. — We did not return till
after ten O'clock from Mr. Smith's — the roads being
very much covered with snow, a foot deep, we had
till the moon rise — On our return we found Mr.
Smith waiting at our house. He gave us the agreed
to day's night. — D. S. received a letter from
Mr. Haynes of our home at Washington.
Thursday 12th
Feb. 1862
Colt & Smith
from the
house
Smith writes to me from Washington
12th Feb. 1862
Dear Sirs:
I am writing to you from the house where I live
and where I have been for the last 2 days. I am
very much distressed for want of money. I have
not received any money since I left here. I have
not received any money since I left here. I have
not received any
money since I left here. I have not received any
money since I left here. I have not received any
money since I left
here. I have not received any money since I left
here. I have not received any money since I left
here. I am now in the hands of the enemy. I am
now in the hands of the enemy. I am now in the
hands of the enemy. I am now in the hands of the
enemy. I am now in the hands of the enemy. I am
now in the hands of the enemy. I am now
in the hands of the enemy. I am now in the hands
of the enemy. I am now in the hands of the enemy.
I am now in the hands of the enemy. I am now
in the hands of the enemy. I am now in the hands
of the enemy. I am now in the hands of the enemy.
I am now in the hands of
the enemy. I am now in the hands of the enemy.
I am now in the hands of the enemy. I am now
in the hands of the enemy. I am now in the hands
of the enemy. I am in the hands of the enemy. I am
in the hands of the enemy. I am in the hands of the
enemy. I am in the hands of the enemy. I am in
the hands of the enemy. I am in the hands of the
enemy. I am in the hands of the enemy. I have
no money. I have no money. I have no money. I
have no money. I have no money. I have no money.
I have no money. I have no money. I have no
money. I have no money. I have no money. I have
no money. I have no money. I have no money. I
I have no money. I have no money. I have no
money. I have no money. I have no money. If I
have no money. I have no money. I have no
money. I have no money. I have no money. I
have no money. I have no money. I have no
money
