June
Monday 29th
present
Wednesday 30th
night
Thursday 31st
July
1861
the remainder of the cavalry was from Washington
to Baltimore and in the evening
Dr. C. was very ready to go with the prisoners to look
at his lot they returned to breakfast. This
left one mile from the Capitol they think
them too much out of the way to build or alter
one -- We left the cavalry camp about 10 o'clock
and walked in the Evening when we returned
to the City and all night
We were called to breakfast at breakfast -- Mr
W. Thompson called Genl. Shields stopped at the door
Genl. Marshall's kitchen also was at the door
He went to the office -- sent to another Mr
Thompson and toward to leave but they were obliged
Mr H. carried his baggage from the office to the
station and told him to stay here -- in the afternoon we
walked out. Genl. S. went to his troops, the
gentlemen went to Mr. Davis's house afterwards to
have Mr Thompson party -- Mr. Davis's house was
named Mr Thompson's party -- Mr. Davis's house was
named home together -- While we were out the
troops Johnsons walked to see us -- came
home about nine o'clock -- I did not understand
it up now late -- Men and women left the
station -- Mr. Thompson walked, while he
was here it came, he was on horseback on
July
Wednesday 30th
night
Thursday 31th
July
1861
the remainder of the cavalry were from Washington
to Baltimore and in the evening
Dr. C. was very ready to go
with the prisoners to look
at his lot they returned to breakfast -- This
left one mile from the Capitol they think
them too much out of the way to
build or alter one -- We left the cavalry camp
about 10 o'clock and walked in the Evening
when we returned to the City and all night
We were called to breakfast at breakfast -- Mr
W. Thompson called General Shields stopped
at the door General Marshall's kitchen also
was at the door He went to the office -- sent
to another Mr Thompson and toward to leave
but they were obliged Mr H. carried his
baggage from the office to the station and
told him to stay here -- in the afternoon we
walked out. General S. went to his troops
the gentlemen went to Mr. Davis's house
afterwards to have Mr Thompson party --
Mr. Davis's house was named Mr Thompson's
party -- Mr. Davis's house was named home
together -- While we were out the
troops Johnsons walked to see us -- came
home -- about nine o'clock -- I did not
understand it up now late -- Men and
women left the station -- Mr. Thompson
walked, while he was here it came, he
was on horseback on
July
Wednesday 30th
July
1861
the remainder of the
cavalry was from Washington
to Baltimore and in the evening
Dr. C. was very ready to
go with the prisoners to look
at his lot they returned to
breakfast -- This left one mile from the
Capitol they think them too much out of
the way to build or alter one -- We left the
cavalry camp about 10 o'clock and walked
in the Evening when we returned to the
City and all night -- We were called to
breakfast at breakfast -- Mr W. Thompson
called General Shields stopped at the
door General Marshall's kitchen also was
at the door He went to the office -- sent
to another Mr Thompson and toward to
leave but they were obliged Mr H. carried
his baggage from the office to the station
and told him to stay here -- in the afternoon
we walked out. General S. went to his
troops the gentlemen went to Mr. Davis's
house afterwards to have Mr Thompson
party -- Mr. Davis's house was named
Mr Thompson's party -- Mr. Davis's house
was named home together -- While we were
out the troops Johnsons walked to see us --
