George town, Alexandria Va. — The road in general
very good — two pretty carts on the road near the turn
at 1000 Pigs & 1000 chickens — arrived about three
o'clock at Mr. Branford's, Mr. Trumbull father's house
on an eminence that overlooks the town which
is a neat pretty little place — very house has a large
garden, if the number of hens & winging chickens
are planted about, with the general appearance gives it
a very pleasant appearance. — It is the place where
the Court are held — but is nothing rather than me
measuring — they are just beginning a new courthouse
which is to be larger & handsome — The women
brave of sentiment which is only necessary for bold
hearts & small craft has a romantic grand appearance
& around just as the family were at dinner — in
the afternoon we reached again with Mr. Trumbull
& Mr. Branford — Mr. Trumbull Branford got out about nine
o'clock to go to a stable about four miles from Martinsville
to include to have accomplished them, but had
the roads were very bad for a carriage — We wished
to purchase a negro boy was no reason for taking
this trip — Mr. Trumbull another night to travel
with us joins Mr. Branford — went to his house
— this is found from Judge Campbell — the best belongs
to a fine negro man who is doing very well — he
was
the house & lot in which he lives — maintains a large
family himself and is generally respected —
the gentleman returned just after we had left him
& dinner — We purchased a negro man for $1000
Walker on the night's ride to Mr. B's house which was
very little to Mr. Trumbull's satisfaction —
This early upon breakfast as we were about to leave
off Bishop Clappett arrived — he came intending
to ride with Mr. Branford to our city where is going
to settle, but Mr. Bishop refused going as Mr. Trumbull
was not now with us — Mr. Bishop left Mr. Branford
upon promise with us to dinner tomorrow The Bishop & Mr.
Trumbull & myself at dinner together then is the
best testimony I can give of the gentleman's
principles & character — but I was obliged to leave
the Bishop's intention to look at them — and go to
myself & Mr. Trumbull to dinner — got home about
one o'clock — It was very warm weather — I am
very poorly and obliged to go to bed immediately
after tea — Mr. Trumbull & Mr. Bishop Whittier
called — I played for them some time — In
the afternoon sent for to town — to the mills must
visit Mr. Trumbull to dinner — — this morning
we were about to visit the mills with us —
Mr. Trumbull from Philadelphia called and left us
about ten o'clock — I am now about
