September
The next to M. Diggs about Six, he was not, at home.
Two men came & wanted to be managers -- M. Diggs
and M. Austin. -- M. Austin & M. Johnson (Cuth)
called after dinner, on their way to town --
Drawing pencils in the morning to preserve my day.
Drawings afterwards -- Set up late as they were
residing the ten plate store.
D. S. went to town -- About noon not much
because the wind is easterly -- Joe returned with
the mail & mail -- M. Austin said D. S. had mis-
understood him that he never intended to take
the post. -- D. S. returned to dinner, would M.
Smith to come up with him -- he could not turn
but came up late in the evening & stayed all
night. -- He agreed to take the post. -- D. S.
goes to go off early tomorrow morning with it to his
favorite father in law's plantation, leaves took
an order to have twenty Burdels of wheat sent up
for bed.
Wednesday 28th
September
After breakfast Mr. B. W. S. went to town, we
were engaged in preserving fruits. -- D. S. did
not return till after we had dinner -- he was
detained by going to Mr. Webster's & Genl. Smith
to take acknowledgements & by insisting M.
Stiggelet to procure a place to suit by his doing
it -- Col. Burrows gave leave to have it put in
buildings intended for the winter quarters of
the Marines. -- He invented Col. Burrows
September
and Lieutenant Thomson to dine here on Friday or
he returned about one o'clock, I bought a couple
of the wheat, which they are not to send unless they
are about to grain, as they think it too full of spice
&c. for seed. -- The manager has found that we have
to leave that will do as well. -- It was dinner in the
readers till quite late -- and the remainder of
the Evening.
The sun has hardly shown since we have been here
but a boy to town in the afternoon when it stood
up a little, with some wheat to get back -- He
bought a few Newspapers. -- Rain again in
the Evening.
Friday 26th
September
Reading -- Saturday -- 9.
D. S. orders his horse to go to town, but as neither liberty
to remain he only went to Mr. Diggs -- he informed me
a hand in the place of Nickels. -- The sun shines out
about Noon & goes prepared for Dinner. The poor
plumbers came the we hardly applied them to an
apart they did not find entertainment to compensate
for so disagreeable a day, the roads being very bad after
rain. -- They stayed till lunett 12 -- D. S. went
to Mr. Stiggelet in the morning to invite him, but
he was in town.
Saturday
from
Strained all the morning, stood in the afternoon
D. S. went in the Travels of merchants while we
worked. -- In the Evening I made a draft of
table on a sheet of paper, 3 pieces of books --
We played all the Evening till bed time --
John from Mr. Diggs came in the Evening --
356
