March
12th
bothier are going to begin immediately on 4th 6th in the
Capitol Hill. — While D. S. was engaged in drawing
Judge Washington (who came from Hutchinson City)
was on his way to New York) called and asked him to
write him to the Capitol. — While he was
here a box came from the farm with the 3d of the
street ferry which D. S. has exchanged with Mr
Younger — He then wrote a note to Mr. Hulley
& asked when he can have his box to go with
Driver to Montgomery. — D. S. and Judge Washington
returned about three o'clock — the latter went to the
State, where his office is — the former to Milbank. —
D. S. engaged in the afternoon in drawing the plans
for Mr. Barratt — Spinning on my steam. — I received a letter from Richard Wilson of Philadelphia in public
business, which he sent to Mr. Hulley to inform him
to come to the office while he is. — At night D. S. wrote a letter, passed the necessary for him to go with Driver
& gave him directions.
For set off early this morning to accompany Round
to O’Kelly’s store (when D. S. is going to take him
another during his absence) to stay at Mr. Taylor’s
Mount Mary Virginia, to train Driver in the mechanics of the steam driver, is to go as an assistant near
Sumfries & return tomorrow — The order of my office
carriages March — The 4th a letter from Mr
Younger to the Manager of the Bank of Kentucky
requesting him to send a driver with him next Thursday
with one of them box, bread & meat, to run trains of horses. —
Friday 14th
at 10 a.m. I went to the office & returned
to my steam — Manu quitting.
D. S. writes a letter to Williams to request him to
exchange some prisoners on his account for the two
of us he brought at Washington, as he could not make
it convenient to send for them immediately. —
one reason is the absence of the cavalry of the army, as we are obliged to buy powder here, it is as easy to get
it here with the weather is finer.
I wrote on the afternoon at Mr Barratt’s
place.
D. S. after breakfast went to the office & returned
a letter with Mr Barratt to see the prisoners
with which he was much pleased. — Mr Smith sold
is letters gone to live near our farm called about
making his final plans & to return a note to
Williams our manager. — D. S. then went to
the Capitol. — Returned to Dinner.
Mr Lewis came in the afternoon, drank tea with us
in the evening he had come together with
Mr Lewis to stay till the noon rose, he writes in
expectation for some time, and went about 9
o'clock finding it would be much later during the
day. — After he went for returned from
Virginia & said they had better have left in
which town on the other side of Alexandria & how
a house near the stores that had been burned that
D. S. at home all day & worked, drew 700
D. S. received a letter from Mr Smith in answer to
the one he wrote him respecting the office.
Saturday 15th
Blonding and
McKee
287
