was very sick, but it was too late to send an apology
before any directly. — Found at Mr. Brown's, Mr. Field, Berry
& myself, quite lately arrived from Baltimore. — Mr. Colvin
Young's husband was gone to Baltimore. — Mr. Colvin
Young's young and Mr. Colvin's old ladies were all over there.
We Eaton from Baltimore came in, and in the evening
two gentlemen that looked like priests — a Mr. Taylor
and an Mr. Althemann — the eldest Mr. Berry & Spangler
a little — Dr. J. was almost all the time attending on
the sick house — there was some thunder & lightning
which roused the air. — The more since I went
to bed — I did not go to bed, going for different things —
Mr. Eaton went to the Office — Mr. Eaton called upon the
plan of the Capitol — Col. & Mrs. Brownes returned
on board — he said the steam boiler was at 900 pounds
per lb. in the boiler — but he put to the boiler — and then to the
capitol after a woman who had promised to come to us
after dinner and spend the farm with the man who's
is called Berry, to be left there 2 hours before another from
to go up to Baltimore — I thought to go to the play, that
had had a role & join in my fancy. — We walked then
about in silence — there was a very fine house, the
characters occupying them at their own end of the ground
yet was altogether very dull. — It was at point of noon
The place of fortune by Cumberland — Mr. Marys
wife & mother was obliged to take the part she might
to have taken to do the place justice — I got home
about eleven o'clock — Some more light night —
Mr. Lewis's marriage took down & Mr. J. & Charlotte returned
back to our home.
was very sick, but it was too late to send an apology
before any directly. — Found at Mr. Brown's, Mr. Field, Berry
& myself quite lately arrived from Baltimore. — Mr. Colvin
Young's husband was gone to Baltimore. — Mr. Colvin'
Young's young and Mr. Colvin's old ladies were all over there.
We Eaton from Baltimore come in, and in the evening
two gentlemen that looked like priests — a Mr. Taylor
Mr. Althemann — the eldest Mr. Berry & Spangler
a little — Dr. J. was almost all time attending on
the sick house — there was some thunder & lightning
which rouses the air. — The more since I went
to bed — I did not go to bed, going for different things — Mr.
Eaton went to the Office — Mr. Eaton called upon the
plan of the Capitol — Col. & Mrs. Brown's returned
on board — he said the steam boiler was at 900 pounds
per pound in the boiler — but he put to the boiler — and then to the
capitol after a woman who had promised to
come to us after dinner and spend the farm with the man who's
is called Berry, to be left there 2 hours before another from to go up to Baltimore — I thought to go to the play, that
had had a role & join in my fantasy. — We walked then
about in silence — there was a very fine house, the
character occupying them at their own end of the ground
yet was altogether very dull. — It was at point of noon
The place of fortune by Cumberland — Mr. Marys
wife & mother was obliged to take the part she might
to have taken to do the place justice — I got home about eleven o'clock — Some more light night —
Mr. Lewis's marriage took down & Mr. J. <> Charlotte returned
back to our home.
