Alexandria -- Very therefore declined going -- but agreed
to go by Mr P. S. Stephens -- stopped out about Noon after
D. C. finished his letter to H. Dunton & wrote me to his
letter in law -- after dinner Mama of I went to
Spence's town to a few stores, and then to see Mr Berry.
Said there Mr Nicholas King -- engaged in drawings of
calculations respecting the Locks of at the Great Falls
afterwards. Mr Laird & Mr J. Mason came in they with Mr
Dunring are appointed by the Potomac Company as a
Board to set in Spence Town to attend to their business --
Mr King being now as if leaving Oakland offered him a
seat in an carriage which he accepted. -- I got home
safe -- the night very dark.
Thursday 24th -- Not very cold -- neither pleasant -- Just
to ask Mr Dunring to accompany us to Williamsburg --
plan for returning sent him to the Capitol to inquire
if the gate bespoke of the Blacksmith there was
one of to take home Mr Kearneys, Books of Gothic
monuments -- After dinner went to George -- met
with up Mr Brown her Aunt of little Maria Yount
threw in old Lands -- drank tea there of raw
a handsome set of curtains -- looking glasses of things
and just received from Scotland -- and the first time
by little Richmond -- I suppose to the place of the
house, not my husband here -- Mr Julia Houser, he
had just come from Mr Stephens of was on his way to
meet Mr John Taylor at the Union Tavern, who had
written a letter to request him to ride in, as he was obliged
to leave town very early in the morning for Annapolis.
D. C. came home about 9 o'clock --
Saturday 26th -- Very hot & windy -- Mr R. Forrest
called and as he wished to stay till the Northern Mail
came he prevailed him to dinner, D. C. went about
town to all sorts, to ask his opinion concerning some
land in Baltimore County, Virginia which Mr Stephens
offered for half his improved House -- (which he
desired him not to accept of) -- He said dinner then fixed
not return till evening -- Late the newspapers printed &
Sunday 27th -- Old P. S. -- Before we were up received
an invitation to take a family dinner with Mr Forrest.
He left about noon, called to see Mr Laird -- Mr Laird had
gone with James Rogers to Mr Stephens -- but there a
while, invited her to come & spend the night with us
with her fine little daughter Eliza -- but she declined
being too much engaged in preparing furniture for
their house, to go out. -- Went home to Williamsburg
nothing particular occurred, returned home about seven
in the morning -- Read aloud in an European Magazine
the D. C. fell asleep -- Went to bed earlier than usual.
Monday 27th -- A blinder day -- rained a little --
What to do -- Step in the pretty avenue to look for
some blacks Charity -- a few little ones -- there are
276
