February 17
Friday Feb 17
1861
Dr. Stanton went from Willets after dinner to Mr.
Pollock's -- and came home about nine o'clock. --
After breakfast Mr. Whittier called on his
way to Gen. Grant's home returned about two o'clock
and dined with us -- In the morning Dr S
was engaged in working at his plan. The captain
afternoon went with Mr Fitzhugh, to both our
houses to take away Wilts chariot from
the carriage maker where it had been to be
repaired & the night before the carriage being
painted & nearly finished) some one got into
the shack & cut the linging & took much of
the carriage -- He has a blacksmith taken
upon suspension -- While they were gone Mr
Marshall Fitzhugh came here to inquire for his
brother -- he sat some time & then went to his
place where we heard they were -- They
are towards went from here to Williamsburg to
look -- After breakfast Dr S called on Mr O'Kelly
who was passing -- they walked together to the
Capital & thence with Mr George Calvert to
Mr Law's -- saw there young Nicholson
& Young Lieutenant (N. Hayes) -- In the
afternoon Mr Marbury called with Capt
Tongey who brought a letter from Mr. Davis.
February
Saturday Feb 18
1861
While they were here Mr Fitzhugh called on
his way home -- and Mr. Davis
returned to Mr. O'Kelly's & left him Mr. Marshall
in answer to the one he wrote
from some time since -- In the morning he
came from the farm & brought butter & eggs & chickens
& made which is my part of altogether not worth
more than four dollars. --
Dr. S myself on his plan of the Capital -- about
seven times either in Mr Nicholas King who was passing
to draw his work & with his family -- Mr. King's
father -- in the afternoon Mr. White came & took
his visit once more --
Dr. S. at the office in the morning -- after dinner
Mr. King's father going by he called him in the board
to tea -- Mr. Brady, her aunt, & two children
came in a night -- Mr. Forrest called in the
morning -- invited him and his wife to dinner tomorrow
after Mr. Hayes & Mr. Duncan were gone & as he
had just got orders to work & send up -- a sleepless night
on his return we looked out to see who were
in it -- there were six young ladies & one gentleman
turn out came in under a little while -- they
were the Misses Pollock, their brother, Nicholas
& brother-in-law, Joseph & William Duncan -- came in
afterwards Mr. Robert & Mr. B. Stewart
to write to Mr. Whittier respecting (Elboui) by
279
