February 1833
and W.R. Smith to be Managers -- I would quite
the last nor would intend to go that Winter -- being
in mourning for my husband's Mother who expired
this late Oct 1833 in Boston -- I also do not
think it right to have Sisters so near the day of
parting for a day of mourning. -- W.Brent called
in the evening with some public letters sent by the
Post for Dr. G. Pennant -- He drank tea with us
I tried to entertain by showing him Wells & Lindsay
views of Scots in England &c with which he could not
but be pleased -- I went before he came home.
Did received by the Posticket to New York a letter
from his cousin from Lancaster in England --
W.Brent called to get the letters, he left for Dr G
to alter it be printed, to take up again to Boston
W.R Smith called -- Dr G went up to Philadelphia
and returned to Dinner -- The President by the Trail
a letter from Philadelphia & one from Dr. Spalding
to write a note to suspend to commemorate Music
& to enquire how she was (as she said all the women
were there) which W.Brent took with him --
after dinner W.Hoban called to consult about
the Capitals of the Billiard to be put in the Senate
Chamber -- The cart came from the farm with
me and Dr. Smith it was the Eastern Branch ten
miles to fetch Daniels Wife & Child -- at dinner
Dr Smith called in the Evening on his way home --
February 1833
I wrote to W. Taylor at Minneapolis -- by Mr
The Governor who is sent on public business by the
Commissioners -- Desired him to make inquiries of
the Treasurer & Land Office concerning the Station
in Georgia Town which is occupied by W. Simmons
Turner Keeper -- that he may write to his Brother
in Savannah respecting it, as it belongs to his
Wife & her brother --
About noon the Manager came down -- The hay just
gone & the Storm will only last about a month --
We have twenty three horses -- 17 at this time at
the Farm -- one but to Wilburant -- one sent to Wil
though to keep on Charles -- 15 from men here to be
sent to Wilburant House -- Driver now at the Farm
to be sent to Wilburant in Virginia town --
a p carrying horses here, & one of the English horses
a young Jack W. Young has taken -- three horses at
the Farms -- I hope we shall have more provisions
this year --
W. Davis called -- showed us a copy of a letter written
by a member of Congress to W. Wilburant, to furnish him
with private lodging in our house for the Vice President
(Jefferson) of more Members Congress -- W.
Law has offered me (which is not yet known) that will
be ready they to find a tenant for the Rent --
Mr. Law is fixed in his new house his quite pleased
with it -- I went with him to visit on Captain
Young who stays in Georgia Town
281
