had the Carriage Event about eleven o'clock
to the Capitol, to hear the President make his
speech to both Houses -- there were a great many
People the Carriages were full -- the Ladies sat mid
stool below on the same floor as the Senate --
It was made in the Senate Chamber, and the
whole appearance was solemn and cordial with
Order -- The pictures of the King and Queen of France
are hung up in the Senate Room -- Our own fellow
Mr. Brown & Mr. Washington went in the Carriage with
Mr. Field & Mr. Blunt walked -- He returned on the
Point stated on Motion -- Just after we got home
Mr. Adams & Mr. Smith came to return my Visit --
He showed them the Main of the Capitol --
Mr. Washington went to George Town -- Mr. Blunt
returned with Mr. Field -- Mr. S. came about nine
o'clock with Mr. Blunt -- Mr. Smith & Washington came
to Field being engaged in pictures by Mr. Washington in
hearing him read his Plays, made it so late that
he had an eight -- Went to bed about eleven
o'clock -- I was at Mr. Field's to take an afternoon's
rest got a letter from his aunt by the Packet
Mr. Washington painting -- Mr. S. called --
Mr. Blunt went out -- Washington called --
Mr. S. wrote by Mr. Harriet to Mr. L. Barry to know
if he would sell him some Tobacco --
Wednesday 25th
Colt's Winery
Mr. Field called and informed me Washington had
Washington's picture by Brown to copy in miniature
with my Palette & my way to prepare for me to
buy to paint on miniature -- Mr. Harriet came down
to know if we meant to engage him again as mana-
ger -- I am not yet engaged --
I went to the Office -- Mr. Washington went to
George Town -- Mr. Blunt with me -- We had
the Carriage I went to Mr. Brown's who is every ill --
Mr. Langford, William Simmons -- returning
went to a store near the Capitol -- It is better
land were there than any in George Town --
Mr. & Mrs. King came when we went out I sat a
little while -- Mr. Phil. & Mr. Early Philadelphia came
to dinner -- Mr. Thompson & Mr. Field came in
the Evening -- Mr. S. went to the Assembly at 8 o'clock
Mr. Field came -- I did not leave in time to be seen
interview -- 15 p.m. -- Mr. S. & I went to bed
about eleven -- I made out my bill & after my return
Mr. S. came home --
I sent our Carriages for Mr. King to go with me to
George Town -- Just as the carriage, Washington, Mr.
Simmons & Mr. Washington came, they wanted me
to introduce them to Mr. Brown, I changed my
dress & went with them, but the was not within
returned & went with Mr. King to some stores in
348
