too few inhabitants for any enterprise to be carried
on extensively. I think there is one Mrs King
who has been very ill in Chelsea and I have
not what I call in a few hours — she is much to
be filled having no private relation or intimate to
be with her. — I find the afternoon one
from with the Kingingham filters (famous in this
country) to Mr Fitching, who is going to Rochester
to make the forts the produce of these are three
years old, & then sell them to or buy them 18000
as they may agree. The notice to Mr Colvin
who applied for the House of Commons & by his consent
sent home some books (many calendars) borrowed
of Mr Cyles — over the Eastern Branch of Portsmouth
begun a letter to Major Brooke commanding
at Fort Niagara. — Mr Forrest called on his
return from Gibraltar. — Their pretty lady —
Dr. D. at the office in the morning — Mr. Tompkins came in the afternoon, drank tea with
us yet pretty late — He has begun a house adjourned
the one we occupy on 1st of 25th and means to
have it made to carry by the time Congress meets
July 4th at the office with Mr White — Mr. Spalding called — I came home about noon with Mr Colvin
and two strangers Mr Warren & Mr Spalding. During the
later brought a letter of introduction from Mr Bellamy
who was here in the summer of 1796 — He is the
gentleman, who tries to secure you to Lafayette from
his imprisonment in Germany — The new line is Philadelphia
you lately married to Miss B. Nixon — These gentlemen were
on their way to Charleston — I did not make anything
with Colvin omitted to dine with them at his house which
I declined. He went after to dinner to Mr. Colvin who was too
busy to attend the Office — I had some letter to communicate
to General Burnside at Fort Washington — Mr. Colvin
is going to bring this
day late the 18th of the gentlemen meet with Mr. Thomas
Colvin, to a bill in George Town — Women engage
in making some of their clothes from Dutch Roman who came
in their place to replace Daughter from Charleston we have some ladies
married since June up to a Captain & one in the
City — I was employed in altering & making articles on
a map to draw the distances from the Capital & Presidents
House after one which Dr. D. had done at the Office — By
coming I was sitting on a chair —
Mr. Colvin called a little table & Dr. D. sat there.
Thursday
30th — Very cold. Snow in the House last night —
Mr. White called before me and I asked him
to the Office — Mr. Forrest called
after dinner. Dr. D. began a letter to the President Secretary
of the Navy, in answer to one from him requesting him
to name his colleagues to lay out a garden for their residence
on their in the Presidents House — This is a difficult
work without they had large funds to make every
thing agree with the President — Mr. D. was interrupted by Mr.
Colvin — Lieutenant — who want to be employed on the
President's House — and afterwards Mr. Colvin.
