but declined not expecting to be detained so long
he wrote to Mr. Strutt, and to Mr. Barry requesting
draft on Mr. Strutt for 1700l. to pay damages
occasioned by Mr. Barry's misconduct in Norfolk
to pay the expenses of the English horses there in
their last.
That thing in the morning heard that the Red-
lines had fallen, the dam colored bull --
after breakfast was set off to come to town from
the roads very hot in consequence for much time
had to get out of the barnage three times got
to the Telegraph about eleven O'clock. I went
to the office about one o'clock returned to the bar-
geal returned to dinner about three -- after
dinner breakfast in chef's room, about 4. King
sent for Mr. Charles Lewis & Mr. Lloyd came, when
firing D. T. engaged they went -- Mr. Lewis brought
a letter from Mr. Buchanan of Conley, Secretary of
U.S. & his for 4000l. 15th July, mentioning that things
would double his notes @ 75 days for the whole
amount of damages 15 pCt Cent -- Mr. Lewis having
written them that Mr. Buchanan remittances from
India & that he had written to his father in the
immediatey, on learning that his bill on Chester
was satisfied. -- Mr. Dutton called for a duel this
& I said and to get executed -- mentioned that
Mr. Dutton had from his commandery for no grounds
that he was summoned.
April 1861
Wednesday 15th
Four days
City of
Philadelphia
295
But I went to see Mr. Buchanan but he was not at
home, went home to Mr. Daniels to see a clock he
had for sale for which he asked ten guineas, returned
about nine O'clock --
I went very early in the morning to bring down
building of Lombards from Mr. Buchanan with
a loud heart -- Mr. Dutton went to the four trees --
We hung arms with Mr. Dutton to march the places
for them before Mr. Bledsoe's house in which our
line -- Got a sign from Mr. T. of the Ohio line
& went down to get Mr. Daniels to receive him to
be sent into Bunker's (pulp) which was sent as soon
as he returned -- After dinner he went to the
office about nine, then returned & informed the man
of about the trees, he had not yet been without
his guns would put in 2 quartered them --
He received a note from Mr. Daniels including an
order from Mr. Buchanan at twenty days, for the
same money which he had on the 15th but an
order on Strutt for -- which he had not received
when he put his letters in the post office --
Has omitted to take part of it immediately as he
intended to pay money into Bunker -- D. T. received
a letter from Mr. Buchanan & two guineas from Mr.
Bledsoe -- Notice to his father in law sent to
Mr. Bledsoe's, Baltimore -- Have for dinner
with a letter to Mr. Joseph McGuigan at Virginia
away to protect the ferry exchanged for the 3rd Maryland
