About 5 miles from on the other side of Detroit's
now an old man of the name of Petriand who
left George Washington years ago — He lives in Stotes
bury as none as his brother says he is
doing very well.
Friday 18 — Continued to breakfast at Hartwick
but they were so long preparing they are not off
about six o'clock I went to Hunter's
family (Mrs. and Mr. Bradford) arrived while we
were here. We were detained
for nearly 3 hours before we could get our
breakfast — It requires much patience to have
to deal with the hospitable house of entertaining
the as do it in a great hurry. —
Travelled tonight 22 miles further about 6 o'clock
There is a natural spring near the face of
the country carries much from what we have
passed this — there is no clay & there is
shofer. — The crossed twin bridges, the last
called tremblone bridges — the bridge throug
the country are very high, the trees are low
& muddy, rising I suppose with the grasses —
the trees on the banks are Beech, Willows
Tyranums Elms & Maples entwined by
grape & other vines. — I preferred to have
not better fare — a very indifferent supper
from the family here that we met before at
Mr Hunter's — they are named Hall & Lin at
Tartown 115 miles from Petersburg.
There are Cabalities here & there all the way
about 3 miles from this there are also round
houses welcome stores of various ages which are
much overcrowded & break off in laminar.
The country between this & Hunter's is better
& sandy — We enter Rockingham Co. a small
distance beyond a bridge which is about 3 miles
from this order of Hunter's — 18th of 21st June 1818
the spring water was warm & bad — two miles further
at Kinsey's fine cold well water. — Mrs. W.
Broadfort, daughter to Mr. Hunter's, who has
never published says that many friends have
been found & that one man executed a pistol shot
he does not think them real friends — Mrs. W.
is a pretty woman & seems to be clever — The
straw is little & scarce & that I quite
old my girl says there is more yesterday
late the willow grass — Had a comfortable
room & bed but we did not rest well
the house is pleasantly shaded & cool
The weather was very disagreeable to day
Saturday 19th — 18th of 21st month returning & very
slack without visiting the spring, as it was very out of
our way — had a very pleasant ride for about
7 miles. — had a level country with several dams
& pretty ladies houses on the road side — We
passed a run & mill called Brown's mill —
