Virginia, where with his Wife he has been for
five months, on a visit to Mrs. W. Scott, Whipp-
etts
He died at Dr. Brinton's, which is
family dinner with us -- I afterwards went with
him first to Washington, if then to Baltimore where
they stood to him, and about 2 o'clock returned home
After breakfast we walked with Dr. Scott to the grounds
behind the President's House, which he is going
to have enclosed & laid out for a garden -- it is
at present in great confusion, having on of the
brick kilns, pits to contain water used by the
bush mechanics, rubbish &c &c -- The Commissioners
have agreed to have a few hands employed on this
&c &c -- is going to direct it, for he says if he goes
into the grounds it will not be done at all --
Which I would let it be -- Found
Dr Scotts house -- We left Dr Scott
with him & came home -- about noon he
came home & brought some Ladies & Gentlemen
(who had been riding toward the City of public
entertainment) to do the plan of the Capitol --
They were Mr. & Mrs. Scott from the Easton House
&c &c &c John Addison & his Sister -- We were not
acquainted at all with them -- after they
went Mr. & Mrs. Scott called -- we engaged to go
to Mr. Knapp's & take her with us -- Dr Scott
went when the Company went to the President's
Square, he returned about two o'clock with
Mr. Pierce a matter -- Dr Scott asked him to let him
to dinner but he refused -- just as he went out
Mr. Lewis stopped at the door -- Dr Scott invited him
to his dinner -- While we were at dinner
Mr. W. Smith Kingsford came in -- after dinner
Mr. Pierce went to Mr. Munroes -- after that
the Carriage came, if then went to Mr. Washington
Dr Scott walked there as soon as the gentlemen left
him -- We came home about 4 o'clock -- I
invited Mr. Lewis to join Mr. Pierce & Mr. Lewis at
dinner here tomorrow, Mr. Lewis & Dr. Scott having
talked in the morning Dr. Scott invited them for today
but as they were so busy I remained the next
day. -- A load of hay came --
Mr. Ballou sent word that the weather would permit
his coming to dinner -- Mr. Lewis desired permission
to go to the President's Square for Dr Scott consideration
Mr. Jennings sent me a letter from Bishop
Barnwell of Baltimore requesting Dr Scott to give
us a plan for a Catholic Church which is to be built
