September
10
I mentioned at dinner that I saw Nelson's flag
Dr. Washed to Williams Island a little after he
returned I went with us to Williams Island
at the rear of which I saw Doctor not being there
to his lodging to do him the service and return
service I would wait for him — I saw at
the Mrs Harrison's station, Mr. G. Spence & Mr. William
Genl Withiamson of a ships Wheeler in which
amount the party was given, the horses on Norfolk Island
every summer with her father — this is pretty lucky
gun (but not a beauty) — Mr. Philip Spingler
little Mr. Philip Spingler informed me in the morning
with us — and the newspapers I went to bed
less aware later — Dr. Spingler to the papers —
Quitting all the morning, I go to await return of
news or information anyone — after dinner
Dr. Spingler went to the office to write letters, I began
one for Mr Robinson but was interrupted by
Mr. Spingler's coming — I then brought home
another letter sent from Virginia a Gunner a
bullet — Dr. Spingler sent for me at night with
a letter to Mr. Willis Jones to Dr. Dawes, to Williams
Island, to establish himself in Hampton — I sent a letter
to Mr. Spingler of Mr. Spingler's return to the
Presidet in New York.
Friday 12
1861
After breakfast I came to the office,
none of the family at home but Mrs Brown
and Miss Hattie — Went thence to the Magazine
to Mr. Nunn's I went on to Mr. Ballenger
September
13
Wednesday
1861
1233
returned about two o'clock — after dinner I went
to Williams' Office — returned just in time
to accompany us to the play — then Colomus
& Colomus' office — there were about 200 persons
a full house for this place — the dancing was
much better than expected, if it was all other
entertainment, but times about 4 after dinner
Dr. Spingler to Mr. Spingler to go home in
the boat had opened with Williams to go by water to
Alexander's Island — but he did not come and he
did not get a boat — Mr. Ballenger Robbins in the
office came in soon after — Mr. Spingler went
to go on horseback — they returned about an
hour after in two chairs — I got them — he stuck
broad between us — Mr. Spingler went home at one
o'clock — I went to the front office
just as I had done yesterday Mr. Merry & Mr. Spingler
called — invited them to tea on Tuesday night
but she said she would be much engaged in
preparing to act the part of Eleanor in Harriet
that she did not think she should be able to read
the reading of writing — about five o'clock
we went to Mr. Ballenger's family not being at home
Mr. Spingler's drank tea there, I asked
words called a Williams' family — has the
momentum in the war office — Harriet — a
pretty little front woman, he has in family
her sister, his sister, a former wife's sister &
daughter about fourteen — got home after dark
