May 8
When I went out after dinner went to see Mr. Sumner
had to try. I came after breakfast some time
to breakfast about the time -- Sir junior Select as
we were about leaving Sumner's, Mr. Knapp
sent up word that there were some things landed
at the Wharf near their house -- Being a fine
even light night I did get a cart and went to
have them brought up -- Sumner & I came home
at ten o'clock -- I began to not a light funk of fire
with me -- While the things came from them
made disappointments in the neighborhood here I think
they are dear -- the place it is pretty but not
such as I expected, as they were not limited in the
price -- the houses & forches all pretty --
all Dallan called -- from Cocke's died -- I went to
the office returned about one o'clock. I find from Mr.
Jefferson a short pamphlet, an appendix to the Notes
on Virginia, respecting the authority of the Senate
of the Senate Chief Judge -- I came down from
the farm brought the cart with a little wood, some
valuable books -- We have five consulated people about
the same time all bill babies -- I got some
inoculating matter from Dr. May and inoculated
for (a negro man) William & Betty brown children
and Mrs. Luig's child -- I hope nearly 10 months old.
Wednesday 10
10 o'clock in the morning left
Dr. S. went to the Capitol in the carriage which
was going to the blacksmiths to be harnessed --
turned to him -- Mr. Drummond asked to consult
about Burke's funeral -- mentioned that he had read
a subscription for his widow, and that they would
have his remains interred to the poor house --
desired to go to Genessee -- I went out
with Mr. S. later & invited us to dinner -- I
returned, Jefferson & I went to Genessee & left him
driving -- we returned going to dinner and did not
go to the Genessee house to be seen as we
wanted to set off for Charleston in the morning --
Mr. R. Forrest called -- took him a letter from
Jefferson to go home as it rains & I was very sick --
I came about nine o'clock -- besides the English
words which pass in his leaving, Jefferson felt down
from them him off in a very dangerous manner, but
he was fortunately not hurt -- He wanted to know
into Mr. Jefferson's yard, and the old he asked Jefferson
for him that of his blue eyes, & so long banking together
constitute were the causes of their falling.
When we rose thought we should not have been
able to take our intended journey, but it began to
clear up, we had breakfast & got off about ten o'clock
called for Mr. Forrest who accompanied us on
horseback -- We crossed the eastern branch river
on the other side of which are many beautiful
