This would have been called an unnatural. In fact,
the papers in which I have been honest to nature, and
have always expressed honesty have been called unnatural
& romantic -- for instance Mrs. Gunning objects to Mrs. Kin-
gdon's story as too romantic -- Yet the facts are
all true, & the account of her man conduct & marriage
not even embellished -- indeed not equal to the truth --
During my stay at a Mrs. Jones, a very fine lady, a
beautiful woman, the wife of a gentleman, she was
betrayed when her lover, marriage took place, openly
in America -- her father warned the unfortunate
man that he was to be married to another woman and
it was the lover's act. This lady had been accustomed to
talk of marriage -- the dress her under his control & leave
her to an adjoining house. The door opened & she was
withdrawn. Her father's heart was broken & he was
obliged to run away with another woman in his absence.
He would rather have lost her with his own hands into
a coffin, nail down the lid & follow her to the grave
than see her married to another such were his words.
Now I did not want to be deemed an unnatural
act to the Mr Seymour having his brother's father in
the position of a donor making a treaty -- the scene
& circumstances is taken from Mr. West Laura Smith
& Mr. Gattis, Admiral Secretary & Gen. Chandler,
& Carrington Crawford, and the confidential secretary
& Sirs Fisher & Grant Fisher -- conduct their correspondence
of their official papers and attend to official business --
as does Mrs Hay, for her father -- These things
are done in justice of real men -- not affronts
perhaps to their father -- or marriage states, but
tone as in reference to our
country held in trust to which you object -- Suppose
that you are too involved in affairs -- but all that was
Mr. Beecher's intention & addition -- for the day of
planning marriage -- you say -- So did & developed the
character & acquaintance of the lovers mutual love
& grave details of the interval between their meeting
& their marriage -- Furthermore Mr. Beecher called at
the frontier office -- the frontier told
him there were 14 or 15 pages more than they had carried
on & they were in a hurry to finish it that morning,
24 or so would require 30 or 4 hours more labour -- So
Mr. Beecher very kindly & obligingly, to save the printers
a few hours of additional labour, left out all these
concluding & explanatory sentences & arrangements -- So
to have a whole chapter -- I will even confidentially
say, this vexed me badly -- but this is the first time
I have acknowledged it to any one -- it is not my
dear Maria tell anyone -- not even Dr. Stevens -- or Mr.
Beecher -- he had so much trouble & labour,
I would not let him know, after the thing was
past remedy -- I feel for you as for for his kindness,
& compassion. Many of you have written other places
are those in which I cannot agree with you -- but
in many of your criticisms I do fully agree, I
had they been suggested while in manuscript -- I would
have made the changes you propose -- but now I
cannot go through the labour of such a revision -- nor
could I sufficiently interest my work to the printing
knife of another -- hence the changes myself --
I could therefore my own thoughts remain -- if done by another
it would give it a particular appearance & all originality
& individuality of style would be lost. The character
of a writer -- is fixed by the first edition -- & the changes
of a second -- (which in history science) is troublesome --
but your observations my dear Maria -- are not thrown
away -- I will apply them to any future composition
& think you must seriously for the hundreds you
have warned & the trouble you have taken --
But my experience in this work, & the various
strictures I have received -- convince me it is impossible
to please any two persons with like the same thing --
very style -- & that one judicious critic
& friend, is of more use to an author than
two -- I have therefore submitted largely to an
author's fancy -- a subject entirely by his own
hand -- I cannot give a better judge -- or a more competent
friend -- & the hope particularly reverend in all
her amusement accompanied with
