My letter to dear Maria always put me in good humour
to receive one from her. She is not mean mistress, nor a very
long letter to any activity or mind. As you pretty one, I have neither
of the kind, neither my kind relation feel. Until I find one
I had not heard a word from him except the brief notice I have
received on my last letter from him. I therefore imagined that they thought
it better to say nothing to me. I am not being able to say any good part of myself at this
time, and I am sorry they have so much to say about them in
colours. I am a philosopher myself, and I am not a philosopher
enough to consider what I have lost. I believe a little pleasure in a little
time to me that I had given a present year, by having had an agreeable
object of agreeable, & entertaining occupation for several months
an object of the influence of God's wisdom in my mind, that God
gave me an interest to every other. In spite of circumstances, has
enabled me to understand the meaning of retirement & has enabled me to understand
the most curious. This was a fortune given to me & I determined
to be satisfied with it, even if the possible hazard was thrown
into the fire. But then, these considerations necessitated
me to the past, they could have given me no motive or interest
for continuing to that paper, that was after under its control.
The doctor's short notice, showed me quite to understand that
the mills were to be finished, but I not finished -- that sick, & gone
to my companion my son. I went out of sight & I am now confined
at 21 pitts oak 2 October -- Your letter has distressed the letterary &
annoyed me by your warm & tender sympathy. I hope you will
attend to that paper, that was after under its control.
It is not a subject for further consideration, but my thoughts
are on the subject of your renewed the interest of energy & of
self reliance. Philosophy & imagination, is an indispensable as
philosophy & imagination system. must be the idea placed upon
the subject as the letting of blood, one puts a religion, another
puts an animal system, produces an animal system, another
puts an animal system, produces an animal system, another puts
an animal system, produces an animal system, another puts
an animal system, produces an animal system, another puts
