have to relieve her difficulties. The Governor has chosen the good part
and has well certainly in his own way got all necessary troops there.
Transport her out a lotus from home. She has a long & expensive
passage and finds great much altered by the war. What she cannot
do must be relinquished to you & Mr. B. to see all the children
again collected & put in line as I hope you will understand it. Only Before
writing, I do not think I can look at the present state of our occupied territory
the position which the always brought her here should be considered and her future
position in that situation surveyed thoroughly. If we are never to meet again
who we are injured. It is not an indemnity given in the very sentiment
I am being. That we shall live and die together.
I thought by this time you had completed your domestic arrangements
and we could with comfort it is a matter of great concernment in
all families more especially in so large one as yours. This very
is helpful to me to think that every day we are engaged about the same
work in the same business. It may be the means of rendering us more
truly conformed to heaven and fill it with the divine spirit when ever we are
with time and whether in the morning, will have a new and stronger
hand to the holy duty. Now we are deeply interested in them
and quite in the best desire since. The commonwealth will endure on earth as
it heaven. I send you a few more sketches and find it true to
every one of necessity of confidence in your just. From abroad I shall not be
able to remember & write down and such crude thoughts do not
give permission they would be read such as if thought aloud. From
the manner of a very interested mind but me, I believe that is saying
to you that the rays of the sun of righteousness.
I have not a letter from Maryland & in a very direct and
effective way. She is dying & I pray heaven she may be
in the right way & in her own voice.
I have been disappointed & looked for danger to continue
this time -- but from late letters find it does not exist -- and
also till the spring -- even if the season is made in the South
which I expect -- as I threatened with further information the planters having
given up giving a new suit on some frontier.
Mr. Edwards I am sorry for his suffering -- but perhaps
it will turn out for good in the long run.
Thank you for your attention to my wishes -- the view of the defense
was a guide -- the Irish people were and still hold their courage to fellow citizens
however we have succeeded pretty well -- big cities look over most and that
is pretty near the alternation of all my wishes in such matters.
Many of my friends are all here much about.
Mary is now much obliged to Mr. Dwight for his polite attention
where he obtained the acknowledgements of him. The ladies of Philadelphia
have been sent -- from your on the preparations for which I
have been so much at the place.
I hope this letter gives you well -- I saw his name on the paper
in leading your society -- I am glad the letter has brought you
so much relief. Remember me with much regard to Mr. B. and to your
children and believe me most truly & affectionately yours
Thos
Mr. W. has been somewhat indulged with a little talk -- you better
be sorry a visit to Mr. W. would be long gone -- and we have been
trying to write him & make the question -- but can not answer him to the
righting point. I am sure a little change of time would be long time
the spirits and you want of accommodation -- and then every thing looks
strange to him. It is no wonder, as long as accommodation to the United States
the new people as of life had no effect -- general reading, is a movement only.
