86
them. liable & that I believed a Court of
Equity could injure the inhabitants of this
borough. I thought, without any counsel saying
so, that he agreed with me as to this.
He asked me what basis we had made a
settlement of the matter. I replied that
his P. must recognise that the club
had an interest, legal or equitable, and
that I should never consent to any compromise
which did not deal directly with the
club; that his P. principally gave their backs
to the club; that she cut down its
interest, or rather the club's interest, to
1/2 the value, and thereby she sub-
mitted to rule w. her absolute, an
office of Balling to put rule 1/3 which I
could deliver over to her but, to
the club of I understood, that this
turned the whole matter from a
joint consideration by the sole benefit
of the club into a private business
between which for our own protection, to
which I could not agree.
Rising into the matter of compromise
w. and in every way binding the club
87
I said that if she could write a letter to the
Court offering it 2/3 of the houses I would
be glad to have it rule w. the club, I said
that after giving the whole house to the
club she had suggested cutting down its
share to 1/2 and leaving to 1/3; that
Balling himself made this last proposition
and that I did not see how the club
could agree to his leaving more than 1/3 even
by way of compromise; that when she
gave me Ballings suggestion of 1/3 I agreed
her if she, joining with me, could give her
1/3 also to the club which she immediately
rebuild to do; that I believed the courts
could build that she intended to give her
1/3 to Balling and that which has suggested
by leaving only 1/3 (cutting it down from 1/2)
obliged to be a reduction of the claim,
it really was an increase from 1/2 to
2/3, etc. I believed the courts would
respect an agreement.
I told him that courts had agreed me if
I would transfer it to the borough my
original claim. liable and that as my
work on it was done absolutely
on the club. I did not see how I
