194
rate up to 5%
see Houston sd Judge Clark had called supporting
4 Sen. Burton for Mr. Bld & H. asked me what
his attitude was toward Mr. System. I said H.
on abstract preferred any one of Burtons
sketch in Senate in Dec. 1913, altering the
regional system of 8-12 vote, Sen. Hithersacks
plan of 4 boroughs, and strongly advocating
1 electoral borough. I added that this about
was unchangeable. of a sketch I was to
deliver at a dinner in Cleveland at which
Sen. Burton was to speak; that Sen. B at the
dinner favored the Mr. System & strongly
favorably of the Board; that Burton's
only view was that of many sincere
borrows; that there was only 1 sentence
in his Senate sketch which seemed to indicate
a thorough disbelief in the Mr. System
which I marked on the abstract. I added
that I thought Burton old, surely too
busy on Board.
Houston sd let thought Burton would be a
good man.
McKlenkab went home to sick Mother. Left word
that he misunderstands Hardings Motion & meant
to vote with him & Miller. Strauss and I said -- not
true -- we had carefully explained matter to him
& he voted with all others against him.
195
Mar 11. Thursday
Houston present. Finally voted to leave Denver
N.Y. 5/8 points 5 1/4 on Mass. certifies, and Burt on
5 1/2 Decatur & Cleveland for 5 1/4 certifies, 5 3/4
certificates.
Strains read minutes of N.Y. Section, said
Gov. H. intimated 5 1/4 7/8 certif. vote could be
accepted by Bd. Gov. H. desired that
minutes also sd 5 1/4 certif. produced in belief
Citizens would carry 5 7/8.
Miller remarked name on voting list.
indelicate to hear
Mar. 12. Tuesday
Senate in w. Houston. He said he lived in Miller
and doubt he had no judgment.
He asked me to suggest some name for Lt.
Gov. Comr. Some days ago he said -- "A Roman
catholic child not be debarred from United
States civil suit such as me be admitted
course of duty. Revenue in view of the
opposition of the R. Catholic. Would not Cardinal Gibbons to Protester? I said I
did see no reason for debarring a Roman
catholic from United States official. Later he told
me he wanted to appoint a Dr. Williams
an act solicitor of the office. Dept. 172
also said Horace Cunningham was Secretary
