July 9. wed.
Mr. H. returned a letter on Czechoslovakie matter
which he had sent us a few days before. It was
largely ground that Czechoslovakie would not be
in the system & that while American stock
was made where the call or exchange had not
been liquidated yet it must be written a
favorable line & that while dealing was
being carried to the liberal, now stood
place and could not be more
compensative. At Steamer request we agreed
to hold it up until Leffingwell, Ewing
Leavitt & Davis old letters were
due. This morning Davis called & said the
Czechoslovakie credit was a real concern
and it would certainly be liquidated
in a year & he looked forward
to many divided at West End club: present
see, Glass, Leffingwell, Rallitmore, Ewing
Leavitt, Leavitt,
I had expressed our views to Davis on
credit but nothing was said. I asked
Mr Harding about it & he said this
letter had been written - evidently
the matter had been settled on the
afternoon & not any consultation
& not altogether true on the West End club.
17
an walking head. Ewing H. set the lead given out
an interview on the Civil War situation based
on slights of Leffingwell & that Glass had
obscured it. a report is obtained in this
morning week. Port. Hav not yet seen
complete copy. Ewing H. gave this out in part by
consulting w. me, all this I did not hear
the morning until 5.45 P.M.
Has an aim of considering action.
Ewing H. has turned, declining of the M.B.D. Mr.
retire as of he were the whole Board
he built, today, the Bde consists of Harding, Mr
Leavitt, Leffingwell & Ewing!
I am satisfied the manning wants me to
tell the Cherubins out of the fire, and they
belonging on Ewing H's vanity it secure
anything it wants.
Harding Ewing H. wants to be delinquential
at Ewing!
which wonderfully qualified in a business
such he has almost completely taken
on himself the command of the Board.
The Bde at its meeting did not meet.
giving out any interview either Ewing H.
Leffingwell set Leffingwell was going to
give him a letter. I set a letter leave
to see
