Samuel Smith
Thomas Sperry
Thomas Clabon
James Colby
William B. Gillet
Samuel Griffin
George H. Harkness
Charles H. Harkness
John Heath
Richard Lee
Joseph McGuire
Andrew Monite
Joseph Myers
John Nicholas
John Page
John Paddock
Francis Prentiss
Robert Rochester
Abraham Shubin
Franklin Walker
Franklin Walker
Alexander D. Orr
The House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and the number of members in each large town or city is determined by the number of inhabitants. For instance, Denver contains 16,321 inhabitants, and has but two representatives.
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and the number of members in each large town is determined by the number of inhabitants. For instance, Denver contains 16,321 inhabitants, and has but two representatives.
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and the number of representatives in each large town is determined by the number of inhabitants. For instance, Denver contains 16,321 inhabitants, and has but two representatives. The House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and the number of representatives in each large town or city is determined by the number of inhabitants. For instance, Denver contains 16,321 inhabitants, and has but one representative.
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and if the number of inhabitants in each large town or city is determined by the number of inhabitants. For instance, Denver contains 16,321 inhabitants, and has but
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and the
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and if
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and it is
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and this
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and that
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and which
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and who
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and whose
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and they
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and their
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and these
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and those
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and when
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and where
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and without
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and with
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and within
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and whether
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and will
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and would
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and x
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and y
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and z
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and a
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and b
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and c
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and d
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and e
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and f
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and g
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and h
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and i
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and j
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and k
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and l
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and m
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and n
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and o
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and p
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and q
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and r
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and s
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and t
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and u
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and v
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and w
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and X
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and Y
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and Z
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and aa
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and bb
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and cc
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and dd
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and ee
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and ff
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and gg
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and hh
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and ii
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and jj
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and kk
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and ll
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and mm
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and nn
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and oo
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and pp
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and qq
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and rr
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and ss
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and tt
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and uu
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and vv
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and xx
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and yy
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and zz
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and aaa
House of Representatives consists of 123 members. The ratio is one for every twenty inhabitants in the district; and abb
House of Representatives consists of 12
Friends, and now in Willing's alley
— the other, in Cherry St., supported by
the Abolition Society.
The University of Pennsylvania, founded in
early in 1751, for the purpose of edu-
cating the children of the poorer part
of the community.
II. Institutions for promoting literature.
University of Philadelphia, formerly the
College of Philadelphia.—The College
was chartered by the Province and
last converted into a university in 1751.
Philadelphia Library, in Falls between
Chichester and Walnut Streets, founded in
1754.
American Philosophical Society, for prom-
oting useful knowledge, was in-
itiated in 1782.
Lafayette Library, established by the late
James Logan, etc.
Exeter Institute, established in the
beginning of the year 1793.
College of Philadelphia, Philadelphia—
instituted in 1793, for the purpose of
promoting useful knowledge.
Philadelphia Agricultural Society, for
agriculture, was formed in 1803.
Peale's Museum of natural history,
consisting of skeletons of animals of
birds, beasts, reptiles, fishes, etc.,
transported from Europe, and a number
of primitive antiquities and antiquities.
