FOR SALE,
By Benjamin Davies, No. 68, High-street,
Plans of the City of Philadelphia,
With a Pamphlet, containing Some Account of its Civil and
Political Government, Its Trade and Commerce,
accompanied with Ornamental Remarks,
Maps of the United States, and most of the States respectively,
No. 2. Their Places and Maps may be had in Sheets, on
E-Books, or in Cases.
A large Collection of Books in most branches of Literature, and
a general Attendance of the newest Stationery.
Rollin's Ancient History.
PROPOSALS
By Benjamin Davies & W. W. Woodward,
FOR PRINTING, BY SUBSCRIPTION,
The ancient History of the Egyptians, Carthaginians, Assy-
rians, Babylonians, Media, Persians, Mahommedans
and Christians.
By the highly celebrated M. Rollin,
Late Principalised the University of Paris, Professor of Eloquence,
and Member of the Royal Academy.
TRANSLATED FROM THE FRENCH.
First American Edition.
Conditions.
1864. The first year of the war was a period of
great activity in the army of the Potomac.
During the winter of 1862-63, the army
was quartered in the neighborhood of
Washington, and in the spring of 1863
it was ordered to the Shenandoah Valley,
and thence to the Army of the Ohio.
The army of the Ohio was ordered to
the Army of the Potomac, and thence to
the Army of the Atlantic.
The Army of the Atlantic was ordered
to the Army of the Gulf, and thence to
the Army of the Pacific.
The Army of the Pacific was ordered to
the Army of the Atlantic, and thence to
the Army of the Gulf.
The Army of the Gulf was ordered to
the Army of the Pacific, and thence to
the Army of the Atlantic.
The Army of the Atlantic was ordered to
the Army of the Pacific, and thence to
the Army of the Gulf.
The Army of the Pacific was ordered to
the Army of the Atlantic, and thence to the
Army of the Gulf.
The Army of the Gulf was ordered to the
Army of the Pacific, and thence to the Army of the Atlantic.
The Army of the Atlantic was ordered to the Army of the Pacific, and thence to the Army of the Gulf.
The Army of the Pacific was ordered to the Army of the Atlantic, and thence to the Army of the Gulf.
The Army of the Gulf was ordered to the Army of the Pacific, and thence to the Army of the Atlantic.
The Army of the Pacific was ordered to the Army of the Atlantic, and thence to the Army of the Gulf.
This was the first year of the war, and it was a period of great activity in the army of the Potomac.
The army of the Potomac was quartered in the neighborhood of Washington, and in the spring of 1863 it was ordered to the Shenandoah Valley, and thence to the Army of the Ohio.
The army of the Ohio was ordered to the Army of the Atlantic, and thence to the Army of the Pacific.
The army of the Pacific was ordered to the Army of the Gulf, and thence to the Army of the Atlantic.
The army of the Atlantic was ordered to the Army of the Pacific, and thence to the Army of the Gulf.
The army of the Gulf was ordered to the Army of the Pacific, and thence to the Army of the Atlantic.
The army of
