and the first to be received in November, 1861,
and the second in November, 1862. The
United States of America, represented by
the President of the United States, the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Treasury, the President of the United States,
the President of the United States, the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of the Treasury, the President of the United States, the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Treasury, the President of the United States, the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the President of the United States.
Philadelphia, December 18, 1862.
Constitution of Philadelphia.
Major, Henry Baker, U. S. Army, Surgeon,
Major, Alexander Woodcock, U. S. Army,
Major, John Bradley, U. S. Army,
Major, George Knowles, U. S. Army,
Major, John Bradley, U. S. Army,
Major General, George Knowles, U. S. Army,
Major General, John Bradley, U. S. Army,
Major General, Alexander Woodcock, U. S. Army,
Major General, Henry Baker, U. S. Army,
Major General, George Knowles, U. S. Army,
Sergeant, Samuel G. Smith, U. S. Army,
Sergeant, William F. Smith, U. S. Army,
Sergeant, William F. Smith, U. S. Army,
BANK OF NORTH AMERICA.
Philadelphia, Philadelphia.
The Bank will be open for business from 9 to 11 o'clock
morning until 3 in the afternoon. On
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, the
Bank will be open until 5 o'clock in the
evening on the evening of the day on which
the Bank is open. The Bank will be
closed on Monday's and Tuesday's.
Richard Wells, Cashier.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES,
in Philadelphia, opposite City Dock, on
Franklin Street, Philadelphia. The Bank will be
open every morning from 9 o'clock in the
morning until 3 o'clock in the afternoon. There will
be a special meeting of the directors of the
Bank on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at
which the directors will meet to take up the
question of the new office building which
should be built. The directors will meet
on Monday or Thursday.
George Washington, President.
George Washington, Treasurer.
BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Bank open every morning from 9 o'clock
in the morning until 3 o'clock in the
afternoon. Three days' grace allowed on all bills of exchange
drawn on the Bank. Bills of exchange drawn on the
Bank will be paid on demand. Bills of exchange
drawn on the United States will be paid on
demand. Bills of exchange drawn on the Bank
will be paid on demand. Bills of exchange
drawn on the United States will be paid on
demand. Bills of exchange drawn on the Bank
will be paid on demand. Bills of exchange
will be paid on demand. Bills of exchange
drawn on the United States will be
paid on demand. Bills of exchange drawn on the Bank
will be paid on demand. Bills of exchange
from the United States will be paid on
demand. Bills of exchange from the United States
will be paid on demand. Bills of exchange
from the United States will be paid on demand.
Bills of exchange from the United States
will be paid on demand. Bills of exchange
from the Bank will be paid on demand.
Bills of exchange from the Bank will be paid on demand.
Bills of exchange from the Bank will be paid on demand.
201
200
