David Kennedy, Secretary of the Land-Office, Salary paid.
Philadelphia, January 1st, 1819.
Surgeon-General, Surgeon-General.
John Duxfield, Secretary of the Account of the
Commissioner.
Philadelphia, January 1st, 1819.
Christian Fehlinger, Treasurer of the State, State.
Philadelphia, January 1st, 1819.
John Fitzpatrick, Treasurer and Receiver of Bonds,
for the City and County of Philadelphia.
Philadelphia, January 1st, 1819.
John Nicholson, Lieutenant-General.
Land Officers.
Nathaniel Falconer, Master Writer.
John M. Neffitt, George Och, George Miller, Joseph Ashbury.
William Allen.
Injurers of the Peace of Health.
Louis Allen, Daniel Martin, Samuel Allen, For the City.
John Kincaid, Daniel Kincaid, Samuel Allen, For the City.
William Haggerty, Samuel Allen, For the City.
Charles Pottman, Samuel Allen, For the City.
Charles Pottman, Samuel Allen, For the City.
C. H. Wilks, J. H. Wilks, For the City.
O. H. Wilks, J. H. Wilks, For the City.
William Lewis, Richard Titterton, Southern District.
Abraham Guling, Samuel J. Church.
John Severis, William Wills, Northern District.
John Harting, William Maddy, Northern District.
of the said District, and all other goods supposed to be indebted to the United States, and their officers. All vessels arriving in a free port, and all goods brought into the port, must be subject to such inspection and regulation as the Board of Health may prescribe, and no person shall be allowed to enter the port with any goods, or with any vessels, unless they are in such condition as to be subject to such inspection and regulation. Such goods must be in good condition, and must be in such condition as to be subject to such inspection and regulation. Such goods must be in good condition, and must be in such condition as to be subject
to such inspection and regulation. Such goods must be in good condition, and must be in such condition as to be subject to such inspection and regulation. Such goods
must be in good condition, and must be in such condition as to be subject to such inspection and regulation. Such goods must be in good condition, and must
be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition,
be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition,
and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in
good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and
good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be ingood condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, must be in good condition, and must
be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be ingood condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition,
and must be in good condition, and mustbe in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in goodcondition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and mustbe in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be ingood condition, and must be in good condition,
and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and mustbe in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be ingood condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in goodcondition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, andmust be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in goodcondition,
and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must bein good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, mustbe in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be ingood condition,
and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and mustbe in good condition, and must be ingood condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition,
and mustbe in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, andmust be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in badcondition,
and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, andmust be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and mustbe in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in goodcondition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition,
and must be in good condition, and must bein good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition,and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must bein bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in badcondition,
and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in badcondition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and mustbe in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition,
and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must bein bad condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, must
be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition,
and must be in bad condition, and mustbe in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition,
and must be in good condition, and must
be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition,
must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in goodcondition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and
must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition,
necessary to the public interest, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must
be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in badcondition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and
must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in badcondition, and must be in bad condition, and
must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in badcondition, and must be in badcondition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must
must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in goodcondition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and
must be in good condition, and mustbe in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in goodcondition, and must be in good condition,
and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must bein good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition,and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and
must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and mustbe in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in badcondition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition,
and must be in bad condition, and must bein bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition,and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition,
and must be in good condition, and must be in goodcondition, and must be in good condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must
necessary to the public interest, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in badcondition, and must be in bad condition, and must
necessary to the public interest, and must be in bad condition, and
necessary to the public interest, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must
necessary to the public interest, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in
necessary to the public interest, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in
necessary to the public interest,
necessary to the public interest, and must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must be in goodcondition, and must be in good condition, and must
necessary to the public interest, and must be in bad condition, and
must be in bad condition, and must be in bad condition, and must
necessary to the public interest, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must be in good condition, and must
necessary to the public interest, must be in good condition, and
William Shannon,
John H. Smith,
Edward Fox,
Thomas H. Holleman,
and
William S. Faunce,
Joseph Ogden, Keeper of weights and measures, in and for the
County of Philadelphia.
124
[ 69 ]
[ 67 ]
Efficiency of the Expenses of the Government of Pennsylv.
and for 1795.
EXECUTIVE.
D. C.
The Governor,
5,311 33
Treasury,
1,331 11
10,662 48
124
123
124
William Shannon,
John H. Smith,
Edward Fox,
Thomas Holleman,
and
William S. Faunce,
Joseph Ogden, Keeper of weights and measures, in and for the
County of Philadelphia.
The Policy of Philadelphia.
THE CORPORATION.
Mathew Clarkson, Mayor
Alexandre Wilbur, Recorder.
ALDERMEN.
William Baker,
John Baker,
George Roberts,
Jonathan R. Smith,
John C. Stockley,
Philip Wayne.
COMMON COUNCIL.
Samuel Anderson,
Benjamin Chew, jun,
John Cogswell,
Thomas Cunningham,
James C. Fess,
Louis G. Fess,
William Franklin,
Thomas Greenway,
Francis H. Gray,
Godfrey Hagy,
John Hallerwall,
Lawrence Jacoby,
David Jackson,
Eliphalet Logan,
James Milligan,
John Milton,
Samuel W. Morris,
John Nicholson,
Joseph P. Norris,
Charles P. Taylor,
Francis Pettinger,
Edward Randolph,
