Form No. 131
Office Correspondence
FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD
Sec B4
To Governor Eccles
From J. M. Daiger
April 9, 1932
Subject: Tomorrow's meeting with the
Federal Advisory Council
In connection with the reference made by the Federal Advisory
Council to the National Monetary Commission, and the Council's suggestion
that a similar commission be appointed at this time, there are some for-
gotten historical facts that I think it might be useful for you to have
in mind.
The National Monetary Commission was established by an Act of
Congress on May 30, 1908. This was toward the end of the administration
of Theodore Roosevelt. The session of Congress by which the National
Monetary Commission was created was that which immediately preceded the
presidential election of 1908.
What the members of the Federal Advisory Council have now for-
gotten is that the Congress which created the National Monetary Commission
was contemporaneously known as a do-nothing Congress. One of the matters
on which it was criticized for doing nothing was currency legislation.
Currency legislation was at that time, and until after the passage of the
Federal Reserve Act, what we have in more recent years called banking
legislation.
President Roosevelt (Theodore Roosevelt), in one of his special
messages to Congress early in 1908, had urged the enactment of an emergency-
currency law. The experiences of the panic of 1907 were still freshly in
mind, and the leaders of the Republican party were insistent that the en-
actment of a comprehensive emergency-currency law must be accomplished in
the session to which I have referred. An effort to produce such legis-
lation was actually made on the part of the Republican leaders.
But, as I remarked before, that was a do-nothing Congress. There
was a great deal of dissention in the Republican ranks; the Republicans in
the House were pulling one way and those in the Senate another, and as a
result virtually the entire legislative program of President Roosevelt went
by the board.
Conspicuous among the measures that failed of enactment was the
proposed currency law. The decision to appoint a commission, instead of
enacting the law, was not then regarded as a statesmanlike accomplishment,
but as evidence of political compromise and inaction.
"The end of the session," said the New York EVENING POST in
regard to the failure to enact the currency law, "brings only a legislative
commission which is instructed to study the whole subject and report at the
next session of Congress. The nearer the Senate and House approached the
391
