subject rendering your own business and troubles my
subject with none of the Convenations of the day leaving to others to
mediate in their if they please, let in Know how Mr. will
succeed in his large Picture I think it must be because I
should like to see it when will Mr. s famous picture that
is to come to Philadelphia be ready? When it could be in
that city before next May then if we live I will have
talk of visiting Philadelphia and should have a chance to see
it I believe we informed you that Mr. Robert Baldwin lost his
oldest son William last Summer with a violent fever he
was engaged to be married to a young Lady in Virginia who
just returned from a visit to her and was living on this day
and lived but a few days -- Mr. s young son with the same
day Sam Barnell they told us was lame from head to
feet -- this information you informed me very kindly after you had done
to be remembered to you in particular Grant and s
papers in Baltimore & Nancy I also of the sentiments
of Brown, by the way you have not written off Events on which
Brown as you promised I wish you to write them by the first
good opportunity they are among your best Friends and well
known there fore Do not neglect them I hope you have written
by I Round who I hear is on his way home to the U.S. M. F.
is expected soon I must leave a little room for your father to add
to Adieu for the present, I am aware of your affectional attention
to him
2d. s
Mrs Henley of this place P. D. Dame of Mrs. Hatten's
and last week Dr. s understand about a
lock of his but a few days -- It has been in remarkable
style -- The season has been remarkable cold & I
never saw a season warmer both in heat & cold
I heard the corn will not come to maturity -- This
cast a great gloom over our country --
Sep. 1st. Great events events have taken place since I wrote
Captn. Hull, of the Constitution frigate, has after a battle of 25 minutes
has taken & destroyed the Guadalupe British frigate, of nearly the
same size -- with the loss of five lives -- It was most brilliant action --
Today the news has arrived that Genl. Hull's whole army of 2500
men has surrendered at Detroit, & Gov. Brock with only 1300
with out firing a gun -- We hope these things of the late war
popularity of the War, will compel the Administration to make
a speedy peace & that Great Britain also will be disposed to give in equitable
terms --
From Boston, Merit of Boston informed me yesterday that
he dined with you at Mr. Bromfield's about the first of July --
that you were well -- Am sorry you did not write by him -- He says you
expected to write & send me some parcels by some vessels about to
sail from London -- They have not yet arrived -- You last letter received
the 12th May -- We are anxious to hear from you -- I write you
about a month since enclosing 2d. Exchange for £25. -- In former
particular, whether you receive your drafts, show them to me --
96836
