Company.
I think you will find enough in the events of the last
summer to satisfy your pride as an American
Com. Mc Donough's victory is the most brilliant event of
the most important of the war. Captain Sam. Breeze was
in the field but escaped unhurt. If you have seen
the Mc Donough's act of the battle you will have a
clear view of the whole action. It is there given so
distinct that I set it down on paper. Uncle Arthur
writes that he shall wish you to paint a view of it
when you return.
Papa wishes me to make enquiry of you whether Zerah
Bolburn's father is living His wife has written Papa a letter
stating that she has heard he was dead, but nothing more
Perhaps it is only rumor. with you to inform us on the subject,
I what has become of the extraordinary Car
have not been informed of a narrow escape Papa
met with in the Stage, going on to N. Haven commence
They set out from Hartford about one O'clock at night, dark
& rainy, they got about 9 miles & found the driver was un-
acquainted with the way having never been on it but once
a road dangerous too, built in many places on the sides
of hills -- They were driving slowly on a walk & found the
carriage sloping ruinously going of one of these declivities.
They called to the driver who turned the horse into
the road, but not in time to bring up the carriage which
tipped, & fell ten feet with 9 passengers, to the ground & dashed
into a thousand pieces. But wonderful to relate, none of
the passengers were materially hurt. Dr Worcester of Salem
was alboard & received a sprain on his wrist. Eder had anticipated
the danger & being on the upper west side threw his
feet thru the canvas & was unhurt. Papa was so much jarred
by the fall that his limbs were sore for some weeks, but
the effects of it have passed off. The Stage happened at the instant to
come up be behind them ( tho' they were told falsely that no
other was going from Hartford) & carried them to N. Haven.
The person most injured, Mr. Stone, was left unable to go on
& Eder. waited with him & took him into N. Haven next
