My Dear Sirs
Your last under date of the 4th March, I have just
received, as has also Mr. Bromfield the letter enclosing the
bills of exchange &c. of Mr. Harpurt for 25. of D. Wheelocks
for £6316.9. and 300 lb. for £8500 to the State of my
fancy, you will see by Mr. Bromfield's account separately made
out, sent by the first american packet which you will by this
time have received, you ask if you are to expect me this
next summer? This leads me to a little enlargement on the
peculiar circumstances in which I am now placed, Mr. Allison's
letter by the same postal (as mentioned) will convince you that an
admission and application has not been wanting on my part, that I
have been made greater progress than young men generally, &c. &c. End
of how great importance it is to me to remain in Europe for some
time yet to come, indeed I feel it so much myself, that I shall be
delivered of all risks, if I find I cannot support myself, that I
am contracting debts, which I have no prospect of paying, I shall then return
home, and settle down into a more practical painter for some time, but from
certain difficulties to return to Europe again, for I cannot be happy even
if I am pursuing the intellectual branch of the art, portrait painting
is, landscape has some of, but History has it wholly, I am
certain you would not be satisfied to see me sit down quietly spending my
time in painting portraits, throwing away the talents which Heaven has
given me for the higher branches of art, and devoting my time only to
the interior; I need not tell you what a difficult profession it is an
undertaker, it has difficulty in itself, which was sufficient to deter any
man who has not courage enough to go through without all hazards with
out meeting with any obstacles aside from it; the more I study it, the
more I understand well it, and the greater my progress, the more am I
struck with its beauties, and the perseverance of those who have dared
to pursue it, through the thousands of natural hindrances with which
the art abounds, I never can feel too grateful to my parents for having
assisted me thus far in my profession, they have done
