a body of 25 or 30,000 of the best militia in the world.
Many strong fortifications have been erected, in great part by
voluntary labor, of all classes of citizens - Many people have
removed their furniture, & done their families - but the alarm
is now over - they are returning - confident that any attack
will be effectually repelled - You will have heard of the final
victory of Mr. Donough on L. Champlain & Macomb's
land - The present news is, that Pickett's Harbor is to be attacked
& it is feared will fall - A few days will determine if fate
will probably be known here, so as to be conveyed by the vessel
that will carry this - Congress are now in session - There is likely
to be a total change in the first officers of administration
if the President & Sec. of War have
the patriotism to resign, as many of his own party, will
agree, earnestly wish, there is no doubt we shall have an
Honorable Peace immediately -
The last letter we have received from you is dated
in June 24th - Mr. Lyman has just arrived, but we have
received no letters by him - We are desirous to hear often
from you - With much to see the plaster cast, I think
will be the last article were at Liverpool -
Mr. Stewart has just arrived from Andover & writes me to add to this
letter a wish request that you will procure & send by some friend, in the neat
Castle (let him take them in his own baggage, or perhaps in the cabin) - Frye's Heb.
Grammer - Yeates' &c. last edition - J. M. Good's translation of Job, with notes
of Horsley on the Psalms - A new Vol. of Milton's Ch. - That if another
has been published - You confer a particular obligation by sending
these books - Send them London prices - Mr. Taylor probably will get them
for you - Tell him by the bye, that there is a considerable amount of books,
he sent me, on sale, besides those ordered by me, unsold - If he will
send the above books to me on account, we will adjust our account, tell him
equitably after we give my regards to him - I shall continue
to send him the Panoptist, as I have opportunity & write the Panorama
in return, as we agreed - My regards to Mrs. Wilberforce when letter
I have answered & to all friends here - I am your loving brother, your
mother's affectionate son, your father's affectionate son, your
mother's affectionate son, your father's affectionate son, your
mother, your father, your brother, your father's affectionate son, your
mother, your father, your brother, your father's affectionate son, and
your mother, your father, your brother, your father's affectionate son, and</
