you had letters from Govr Gray & others to Gentlemen in France you probably got
other letters in Eng. from persons sitting there, Gentlemen of such
character for you to be acquainted with -- Let me know these things
your better way will be to have a letter of credit from Mr Brown
field on some Banker in France to supply you with funds as
you need them -- at some time when Exchange is favorable
(of which, regret some friends informing you) draw a bill on Mr Brown
field for the Amo. in favor of the Banker -- You had better not
keep much money about you lest it all be lost --
D. W. mentions your having a following piece presented you for taking
a couple of pictures in Bristol wont 40 guineas -- By whom was this piece
done? -- Can you wilt propriety turn it into money? If so I think
it best -- as it can be of no use to you in this country other than as a curiositity -- no one here, w'd wish to propose it at the price it brings you
in Eng. or France --
Dont fail to bring Miss Russell, your former good friend
a portrait of her brother done in your best style -- I tell us all you
know of the family -- It grieves us that you have not mentioned
that family from whom you have received letters, in your
last letter rec'd from Bristol, when, if you had re-
flected a moment you w'd have known it must have informed
Miss Russell the feels the neglect -- Whenever you
write us in future -- let that be every good object -- have all you
boughts about -- I think, as we do, of what will please to those
to whom you write --
You will get letters to our Minister & Consul in
France; Messrs Crawford & Barnet as a matter of course, who
will be able to inform you of all good opportunities & write us.
I informed you of the marriage of your Aunt Moore & the death
of your aunt Mary, both in Nov. Your Grandfather Moore & the family in general
health -- Ben returned from midBridge died the 24th. Nov. It has been very healthy in this town
since you left us -- This is very enclosed to Mr Hill Bradley a young man from Boston. He is quite
well for his age --
