the National Government towards New England than towards their other enemies. They consider her as an alien
or rather a tributary & refuse to admit her to any stand in their councils, or to appropriate money to her defense.
Our motto now is "Millions for defense, but not a cent for tribute" & there is a Convention of the U.S. States appointed to seek redress of grievances & restoration of
our rights. We have been lately called upon to defend our Capital Boston. Presidents Warren & Calhoun Island, which have been occupied by Militia! there has
been a Fort (named Fort Strong) erected by volunteers on Noddly Island, opposite Watertown Wharf, if you recollect.
Turks were provided to be sunk in a line asteward the channel. The 74 also Constitution & the navy yard all
had directed down the Harbor. These preparations were made by an expedition by water. My land, also
we were prepared for an attack. General Orders were issued & 6000 troops were marched down to the capital
detached from every part of the State. They encamped at the foot of Dorchester Heights (South Boston) Notification
were thrown up on Dorchester Heights, at Dorchester point, across Boston Neck. The troops were reviewed several times
I went to see them & men who had seen 20,000 French & 10,000 English troops said, they never saw troops equal
to these 6,000.— President Lincoln, all citizens in Boston & the Trinity, were formed into companies & had a cockade
as the badge of their company. Companies of Sea Penitents, Riflemen & were formed by exempt. Boston was in
some respects a Camp where every day companies were out drilling, tall ready to march at a moment's warning.
These preparations have subsided now, for the winter. The troops have been disbanded & their place is to be supplied by a State Corps of 10,000 who will take the
field if necessary next Spring.— There were several of our College friends attached to the drafted troops. Winckley
was aid to the Gen. of one Brigade & George Wilkis of my class, aid to the Gen. of the other Brigade. John
Duright of my class was a Sergeant in an Artillery
