when he might have avoided it by quietness, by undertaking so bold
an attempt as he has done without being completely sure of
succes, and having laid his plans deeply, and thereby I knew
the feelings of the French people were decidedly in his favor
more especially the military, they feel as though Louis 18th was forced
upon them by their conquerors, they feel themselves a conquered
nation and they look to Buonaparte as the only man who can
retire their character for them; all these reasons pushing on my
mind at the time I gave it as my opinion that Napoleon would
again be Emperor of the French and again set the world by the
ears unless he may have learnt a lesson from his adversity;
but this cannot be expected, I fear we are yet to see a darker
and more dreadful storm than any we have yet seen; this
is indeed, an age of wonders; let what will happen in Europe
let us have peace at home, among ourselves more particularly,
but the character we have acquired among the nations of Eu-
rope in our late contest with England has placed us on such
high ground that none of them (England at all) will wish to
embroil themselves with us.
The little picture which is exhibiting at the Gallery
and which I shall send to you is the one I painted for Mr. Piper
and he refused to take; (it is 12 inches by 14 inches painted on tin)
I shall send frame and all, you must make me allowance for
the frame it cost £1..13..0.
But I must now close this long letter, as Mr. Ratston
is going directly, by him I send my portrait, (mentioned in another
part of this letter) I should send the other little picture but the
Exhibition at the British Gallery is not yet closed, I shall send it as
soon as I can get it. I hope nothing I have said in this letter
will be taken contrary to the spirit of high respect which I ought
to indulge towards my parents, I felt myself erroneously reproved
and have ventured to demonstrate with my parents in consequence;
as for politics, now the war is at an end, I shall not feel the slightest
inclination to touch on them, and shall leave the subject altogether.
Please remember me kindly to all friends, Lord to
brothers, Grandmama, Uncle and Aunt Caliburn, and the family
Nancy, Miss Russell, Mr. Brown, Mr. Evarts &c. &c.
and believe me as ever
Yr affectionate son
Jam s T. B. Moss
P.S. I suppose you have received in this my letter
informing you of the melancholy event of Mr. Allston's death, Mr. Allston is
now quite comapped, and is finishing a picture for Exhibition; he desires particularly
to be remembered to you.
