190
the enemy's army, and I am sure that they will not be able to resist the
attack of a strong force. I am now in the position of a man who is
about to go to war. I have no doubt that I shall be successful in
the enterprise which I am about to undertake. I am confident that
the people of this country will support me in it, and I am determined
to do everything in my power to secure their favor. I am ready to
fight for them, and I am willing to die for them if they will give me
the support which I require. I am confident that they will give me
the support which I require, and I am determined to use every
effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the people of
this country will support me in the enterprise which I am about to
undertake, and I am determined to do everything in my power to
secure their favor. I am confident that they will give me the support
which I require, and I am determined to use every effort in my
power to secure it. I am confident that the people of this country
will support me in the enterprise which I am about to undertake,
and I am determined to do everything in my power to secure their
favor. I am confident that they will give me the support which I
require, and I am determined to use every effort in my power to
secure it. I am confident that the people of this country will support
me in the enterprise which I am about to undertake, and I am
determined to do everything in my power to secure their favor. I am
confident that they will give me the support which I require, and I am
determined to use every effort in my power to secure it. I am confident
that the people of this country will support me in the enterprise which
I am about to undertake, and I am determined to do everything in
my power to secure their favor. I am confident that they will give me
the support which I require, and I am determined to use every effort
in my power to secure it. I am confident that the people of this country
will support me in the enterprise which I am about to undertaking,
and I am determined to do everything in my power to secure their
favor. I am certain that they will give me the support which I require,
and I am determined to use every effort in my power to secure it.
I am confident that the people of this country will support me in the
enterprise which I am about to undertake, and I am determined to
do everything in my power to secure their favor. I am confident that
they will give me the support which I require, and I am determined to
use every effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the
people of this country will support me in the enterprise which I am
about to undertake, and I am determined to do everything in my
power to secure their favor. I am confident that they will give me the
support which I require, and I am determined to use every effort in
my power to secure it. I am confident that the people of this country
will support me in the enterprise which I am about undertaking, and
I am determined to do everything in my power to secure their favor.
I am confident that they will give me the support which I require, and
I am determined to use every effort in my power to secure it. I am
confident that the people of this country will support me in the
enterprise which I am about to undertake, and I am determined to do
everything in my power to secure their favor. I am confident that they
will give me the support which I require, and I am determined to use
every effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the people of
this country will support me in the enterprise which I am undertaking,
and I am determined to do everything in my power to secure their
favor. I know that they will give me the support which I require, and I
am determined to use every effort in my power to secure it. I am
confident that the people of this country will support my enterprise,
and I am determined to do everything in my power to secure their
favor. I am sure that they will give me the support which I require,
and I am determined to use every effort in my power to secure it. I am
confident that the people of this country will sustain me in the enterprise
which I am undertaking, and I am determined to do everything in my
power to secure their favor. I am confident that they will give me
the support which I require, and I am determined to make use of every
effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the people of this
country will sustain me in the enterprise which I am undertaking, and
I am determined to do everything in my power to secure their favor.
I am confident, therefore, that they will give me the support which I
require, and I am determined to use every effort in my power to secure
it. I am confident that the people of this country will sustain me in the
enterprise which I am undertaking, and I am determined to do
everything in my power to secure their favor. I am confident that they
191
will give me the support which I require, and I am determined to use
every effort in my own power to secure it. I am confident that the
people of this country will sustain me in the enterprise which I am
undertaking, and I am determined to do everything in my power to
secure their favor. I am confident that they will give me
the support which I require, and I am determined to use every
effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the people of this
country will sustain my enterprise, and I am determined to do
everything in my power to secure their favor. I am confident that they
will give me the support which I require, and I am determined to use
every effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the people
of this country will sustain me in the enterprise which I am
undertaking, and I am determined to do everything in my power to
secure their favor. I am confident that they will give me
the support which I require, and I am determined to use every
effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the people of
this country will sustain me in the enterprise which I am
undertaking, and I am determined to do everything in
my power to secure their favor. I am confident that they will give
me the support which I require, and I am determined to use
every effort in my power to secure it. I know that the people of
this country will sustain me in the enterprise which I am
undertaking, and I am determined to do everything in my
power to secure their favor. I am confident that they will give
me the support which I require, and I am determined to use
every effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the
people of this country will sustain me in the enterprise which I
am undertaking, and I am determined to do everything in my
power to secure their favor. I am confident that they will
give me the support which I require, and I am determined to use
every effort in my power to secure it. I know that the people of
this country will sustain me in the enterprise which I am
undertaking, and I am determined to do everything in my
power
to secure their favor. I am confident that they will give me
the support which I require, and I am determined to
use every effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the
people of this country will sustain me in the enterprise which I
am undertaking, and I am determined to do everything in my
power to secure their favor. I am confident that they will give
me the support which I require, and I am
determined to use every effort in my power to secure it. I am
confident that the people of this country will sustain me in the
enterprise which I am undertaking, and I am determined to do
everything in my power to secure their favor. I am confident that
they will give me the support which I require, and I am determined
to use every effort in my power to secure it. I am confident that the
people of this country will sustain me in
the enterprise which I am undertaking, and I am determined to
do everything in my power to secure their favor. I am confident that
they will give me the support which I require,
