But were I to enumerate all the worthy & kind people we have met
with, I must mention the names of all we have seen, and two
landlords, should be put in the list, for they are most obliging men.
But let me not forget to mention those Edwardians we called at
the Mills but the red left the house, & we gave up the idea of seeing
her. On Monday, I shall just come out of the kitchen, my room, &c.
in confusion, or rather at work. In when she, the lemonade &c.
was the gentleman entered. I did not trouble her with apologies,
but gave her a sincere welcome. The sat with us about an
hour, & then bade us farewell; I regretted I could not see me
again. Appearance & manners impressed me so much in her favour.
I am truly glad my dear sister to hear of your good resolutions,
I hope you will put them in practice. Before me, you will
not blame me, for already possessing the privileges of a married
woman, when you know that in addition to my own bodies,
I have my little girl's clothes to take care of, besides attending
to my house & kitchen, for my cousin desires nothing about
clothes. I write however quite as often as I can; as I am
convinced that you feel the highest interest in our concerns.
I shall soon write to Aunt Mania & will answer my
better brother's letter by the first steamer of convenience. I desire
my most affectionate love to our taller. In dreams last night
I tenderly embraced me. Keep them for me, & on all your friends
by hasten my telegrams & good wishes. Now has my new
quintina maker, Mrs Haggerson disposed of herself. If she is
still at home, tell her I often recollect with pleasure
our little talks, our amiable & mutual labours. I do
not say my god sister fully united I have been expecting a letter
this many a day. Since you will, would, to heaven my
dear sister, I could impart to you happiness equal to that
which we enjoy, I then dear Mary, instead of carrying with me
the world, you would acknowledge with me, but with a mind that
its comforts & pleasures, exceed its perplexities & evils.
Th. Hammon Smith.
This evening I received a letter from my brother, which I will
not detain you with, as it is a very long one. I will only say
that he is in the best of health, and that he is going to
visit his father in the country. He sends his love to you
& to all the family. I am sorry to hear of the death of
Mr. Smith's son. I am sorry to hear of the death of
Mr. Smith's son. I am sorry to hear of the death
of Mr. Smith's son. I am sorry to hear of the death of</
