one, not only by the most fervent affection, but by a consciousness of mutual
a similarity of taste, a powerful love action in myself. Every opinion
seemed to gain some new charm when he was with me, and I never
had a double power to please. He left me yesterday, after saying
three happy, incommensurably happy days. He left though I felt he
behind him & gave himself up to the charms of solitude &
grief, of love. The weather was very cool, & I am sometimes
afraid the whole morning in wandering thru woods, where the
silence was only interrupted by the wind mothing among the
leaves, at home he read aloud, while I seemed to enjoy myself
with fiction in the yard. All my old romance & Enthusiasm seem
to be revived & my heart responds with more than common
tenderness. -- What a transition from my situation one week
ago! --
171
Dear Rochester, I beg of you to write me immediately, I hope to
hear of little Elizabeth, for when I feel a new tend'ry interest,
since she is my Julia ever passing through the same danger.
If she is unwell, always be particular in giving me an account
of the symptoms. -- Upon to again does the world impress my heart,
that we live near to each other. I long to hear from our
dear Maine, if you have any letters, that contain interesting
details, I wish you would send them to me. My tenderest
remembrance to our beloved father & all my other friends, with
your little ones for me, I tell them, I should regret if she were
with me.
171
Dear Rochester, I beg of you to write me immediately, I hope to hear of little Elizabeth, for when I feel a new tend'ry interest, since she is my Julia ever passing through the same danger. If she is unwell, always be particular in giving me an account of the symptoms. -- Upon to again does the world impress my heart, that we live near to each other. I long to hear from our dear Maine, if you have any letters, that contain interesting details, I wish you would send them to me. My tenderest remembrance to our beloved father & all my other friends, with your little ones for me, I tell them, I should regret if she were with me.
171
Dear Rochester, I beg of you to write me immediately, I wish you would send them to me. My tenderest remembrance to our beloved father & all my other friends, with your little ones, I tell them, I should regret if she were with me.
171
Dear Roches
171
Dear Rochester, I beg of you to write me immediately, I wish you could send them to me. My tenderest remembrance to our beloved father & all my other friends, with your little ones, I should regret if she were with me.
171
Dear Rochester, I beg you to write me immediately, I wish you could send them to me. My tenderest remembrance to our beloved father & all my other friends with your little ones, I should regret
