it now elastic & soon regained its wonted vigour. This was Saturday
& I drank tea at Mrs Patterson's Sister joined us there & we walked together
on the bridge -- we had serious & tender conversation --
On Sunday we were rejoiced by the beautiful showers which came to re-
fresh the parched earth. -- I thought of you much -- You were probably on
the road, or at a public house. In the afternoon we had a violent shock
from an unusual clap of thunder -- It was just as our afternoon service
commenced -- It was broken up by the cry of fire -- but which proved a
false alarm -- it proceeded from old Mr Dunham's house being struck
they apprehended fire. The house was considerably damaged in several
places & the family & neighbours very much terrified. --
Yesterday morning Rebecca Boggs called & requested me to spend the
afternoon with her -- Sister had freely engaged to go -- I promised that
I would -- I walked up after dinner to Littleis -- & found she was to have
company -- I called in & sat a couple of hours with Mrs White who is
quite ill. & then joined our friends at tea -- James is with them --
Leckha leaves this on Sunday next. -- another defraction! --
to spend this day with Sister -- when I have closed this I do
& go thus: --
I have commenced Hayley's life of
Johnson's -- it indeed appears to great advantage
as must every display of such amiable enthusiasm -- Johnson appears to have done
injustice -- indeed his prejudices quite blinded him to excel
which must have been obvious if not thus intercepted. The
which Hayley makes of his character is almost as interesting
of his hero -- I shall read with avidity all that I hear after
his pen. -- His favourite portraits of Old Maid's -- quite won
of the children -- I do not find much to communicate -- They are
much as you left them -- Marian I think prosper in health -- I
have went to Millstone on Saturday & returned yesterday. -- Eliza
is disfigured by an eruption on her face, but is not sick --
I hope we shall hear that Julia has borne the journey well & has found
safety -- Farewell dear Margaret -- I hope we shall soon have a civil
