This sentiment of shame & of scandal would not conquer his feeling, at least
to speak, with reverence & to outwardly glory in the name
of a Christian & to have the opinions of others. On whatever
reluctance I felt to stir this fire in credulous & weak, I have
let them believe it. -- It is my own opinion, that I have
most to struggle with, it is my own sense of shame -- you
cannot understand me. -- I at times have felt my former
sentiments revive, I have stifled them, I was afraid of becoming
an enthusiast. -- but it is in vain to try to describe the wonder
of my mind & heart. -- The desire of discovering truth, the wish
to be a Christian in temper & practice, has never yielded --
no, the God who reads my heart, knows that I sincerely desire
to believe & to act right. -- But I never believe I shall
again believe what I have believed! -- With it, not be
sufficient to believe in the existence & the Providence of a
God, & a life hereafter & to act under the influence of this faith. -- This I do believe -- by reason & duty, I have
to go together, & my faith is strengthened by my reason,
my observations on life & the knowledge derived from history.
Sunday morning -- I wrote the above at night immediately after receiving your
kind & affectionate letter -- I promised the renewal of our meeting, but I have myself decided
I have felt much hesitation about sending, but I have myself decided
it should I be afraid to speak the truth to unacquainted friends, has
the best counsel the worst, the most honest the most deceitful -- however my
reason may err in its decisions, my desire to enlighten truth, is certain to me
that my mind is totally governed by my heart. Which I now contemplate
& examine about fully, I felt & think I saw the necessity of more than
human aid & support, but no sooner am I tempted to abandon myself to
it, I satisfy myself by reflection, that belief is not voluntary, therefore
it is involuntary & cannot be criminal; nor actions on the contrary depend on our
own will & are innocent or criminal in their nature. It is an incessant effort to perform all my duties & to adhere to a Christian
temper of charity, gentleness & kindness to all men. Never my dear
mother did religion appear to me in amenable, consistent duties as displayed
in your character & conduct in the order, the peace, the cheerfulness
which reigned in your family, at second the offspring of this family
while with you, I daily hoped to be like you, as a mother, with
mind & mistress, the dignity & elevation it between the individuals
