Washington. Sunday Oct. 19. 1850.
I can scarcely believe that a whole week has passed since I wrote
you my last letter. This is the third time I have written from this
place, & I have at yet received no answer to my first letter. I cannot
avoid some apprehension I begin to fear that some one of the family
is ill. Oh, my dear sisters do be punctual in writing, you cannot
conceive how the value of a letter is increased by our seifer attempts
from all our friends, & being as we are in a land of strangers. The last
week, Mrs S. had a letter from Mary & John, I welcomed them most
sincerely, but still I felt sadly disappointed that first after first
arrived without any intelligence from Brant. Since this day week,
my good husband, has not been an hour free from a violent toothache
It keeps him awake, almost the whole night & incapacitates him for
business or society through the day. In attempting to extract it the dentist
had it, & in endeavouring to get out the broken parts, he said he has
eructated the gum, so much, that his whole head is affected. -- He suffers
so much pain, that it produces a slight fever. The indisposition, has so
depressed my spirits, that for this day or two, I have been quite
good for nothing. I find it impossible to fix my mind sufficiently
for reading or writing. On wednesday evening last, we were just
seated at our tea-table, when the door was opened & brothers
& Sister entered. I felt most truly rejoiced to see them. They
passed the next day with us, I left this on Friday morning.
They spent the day in looking about them, I will give you a
truer idea of our situation than I have been able to in my
letters. Mrs & Mrs Nugee left this on Wednesday, the two preceding
days, Mrs H. was well enough to dine & sup below stairs, & these
interviews made me regret not having invited her in her room.
She is a woman, plain both in manners & appearance, very
social & talkative, & is what you would call a good kind of a
woman. So me she was extremely friendly & one evening after tea
came in my room & sat more than an hour. She is to stay at
George-town this winter, & I have promised to visit her. I not only
got over my prejudice against Mrs H; but before he left us, used
to feel considerable pleasure in talking & listening to him.
