interest in this matter, but that 15 minutes later he called me up and
said that he would like to have me draw an amendment along these lines.
I told him that I of course would do this with pleasure, on the understanding that it was purely personal and confidential between him and
myself, and had nothing to do with the Federal Reserve Board, which had
never considered the matter.
I told the Board that personally I approved this amendment, as I
believed there were many people in the United States with ample collateral
who could not obtain loans from member banks, and I stated a conversation
I had with Mr. DuBois, who told me that Henry W. Robinson of Los Angeles
told him that in his district there were many such cases.
Governor Mayer then said that evidently this amendment was put in
by Glass on the strength of Mr. DuBois's statement. I said that I had
never mentioned this statement to Glass; that I had just stated it in
reply to a statement just made by Mr. Jones that everyone entitled to
credit in the United States could easily procure it, -- which I could not
accept.
I also told the Board that I had sent Senator Glass a list of
central banks having this power, which I obtained from Mr. Miller, but
that as sent it merely gave the name of the finance journal from which it
was taken.
A long discussion followed on to the merits, and Jones was bitterly
opposed, and the Committee also, although not quite so positive about
the matter. Miller said that in normal times he could see much that might
be said for this amendment, in that it might make our Federal reserve
policy more effective, but he feared that at the present time it might
cause a rush on the Federal reserve banks.
Governor Mayer finally became a little less positive as to his
objections to the amendment on the merits, but finally said that his
principal objection was that such an important matter should not be sprung
at the last moment without any opportunity for hearing or decision.
Governor Mayer then asked the opinion of the Board as to its merits and
as to the expediency of having it enacted at the present time. C.S.R. voted
Yes, Dr. Miller, Jones and the Committee voted No. I think Governor Mayer
did not vote, but if he did it was without doubt in the negative.
The question arose as to what course to take to indicate the feeling
of the Board toward this amendment. All agreed that it was too late to
write anything, and that whatever was to be done must be done over the
telephones. Finally Governor Mayer asked Miller to telephone President Hoover
