July 12. Wednesday
Early this morning, Governor Meyer dropped in, and said that he
wanted me to understand that his objection yesterday to the Glass amend-
ment was not addressed to the merits of the amendment, but to the
precipituous way in which it had been attempted to be rushed through by
Glass. He also said he thought Board members ought not to draw amendments
of that kind without consultation with the Board, though he knew
perfectly well that Dr. Miller had done so already.
I told him that this occurred between 12:30 and 1:00 on Saturday --
a short day; that I supposed he had gone to New York for Sunday, as he
usually does, and that I had talked with Dr. Miller who stated that he saw
no possible objection to my sending the draft to Glass. He then left.
Later Dr. Miller came in and said that Governor Meyer had had a half
hour's conversation with him on the telephone last night, asking him what
he (Governor Meyer) should advise the President as to vetoing or signing
the bill containing this amendment, and Miller said he went over the whole
matter and told Governor Meyer that he thought the amendment was well drawn
and copper-riveted, and that in normal times he would quickly accept it,
but that in these abnormal times he felt it might do no harm, and it might
do good if he certainly would advise the President not to think of
vetoing the bill because this amendment was contained in it.
While Miller and I were talking, Senator Glass called us up, laughing,
and said "Well, the administration went into a spasm over our amendment
yesterday, pulling every wire in order to defeat it, but as you know, the
Senate passed it without even a roll call." This morning the President
had a conference at the White House with Ogden Mills, Governor Meyer,
and I think he said Senator Robinson, the Senate minority leader, and it
was very quickly agreed that the amendment was perfectly sound, feasible,
and absolutely necessary, and Glass said now the administration is in
a spasm for fear they will not get it. Glass said that Meyer and Mills
had both been down to see him, and told him all the above.
Glass said that he saw no reason why these notes should not be
collateral for Federal reserve notes, and Dr. Miller agreed with him, and
I told Glass that Miller had made this same criticism yesterday. Miller
finally suggested that the clause forbidding their use as collateral simply
be stricken out, which would make them eligible subject to regulations of
the Board.
At 12:30 the Board came together, and Governor Meyer tried his best to
square his opposition of yesterday with his approval of today. He said he
thought there was no doubt there were many people who could not get credit
and yet who had good collateral, and that this measure would do good; that
