about the Business of the B B C P M. — Mr Sharp & Mr Sabine paid
last Sabbath by exchange with Mr Say who is gone back to Savannah and
is to return till the installation when he will bring his wife with him to
see what of our Furniture she wishes to take he appeared very civil said
he had said all that was proper for him to say to the Committee to have you
gratified in your last request with respect to Collaques & but without
they have acted like themselves I think and do long most ardently to get
away from them Capt Millit says that he and Mr Station will do the
best they can for you with the house I think it would have been best
to advertise it for sale & not to let it will be a trouble some thing to not
have to let it. I wish you to look at my letter in which I request you to attend
to certain things and settle them before we move If there should not be any
Upholcoming from N H to Boston to return in April or May some person must be
engaged to take the care of our goods in Nyork and to send them to N H
in packet as will be cheapest and best. I wish you would let
Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N H and so
then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in
which I will be cheapest and best. I wish you would let
Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in
N H and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in
which I will be cheapest and best. If I could send you a letter in which I will be
cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in
N H and so then and what the price of the Boat is
with the could send me a letter in which I will be cheapest and best. I wish you would let
Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had
in N H and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bed
tiken can be had in N H and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continued) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N H and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continued) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuation) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H. and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuing) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H, and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continually) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H., and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuously) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H.. and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuities) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H... and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuity) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H..., and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continual) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H.... and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuant) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H..... and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuous) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H...... and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuable) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H....... and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuent) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H........ and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continues) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H......... and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuum) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H.......... and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continua) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H................ and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuations) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H........................ and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuating) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H................................ and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuatorily) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H................................................................ and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(Continuitously) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
H ................................................................................ and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(continually) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
(continuing) H................................................................................ and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
(continue) cheapest and best. I wish you would let Mr Dr Dwight within very since Bedtiken can be had in N
(continued) H................................................................................ and so then and what the price of the Boat is with the could send me a letter in which I will be
[Continuation of letter text omitted for brevity]
Mr Sabine's letter is dated February 18, 1837, and the letter from Sidney E. Monee is dated February 20, 1837.
Transcription of Sidney E. Monee's letter:
"I am sorry to hear of the death of Mr. John H. Smith. I am sorry to hear of the death of Mr. John H. Smith. I am sorry to hear of the death of Mr. John H. Smith.
