Joseph Mourse Esq. Register & Treasurer
in one of which insert the name of Rev. Dr. James
Laurie from the Antinon & the other Joseph Mourse
Esq. Dr. in both request that the gentlemen
would be kind enough to send them to the
several instructers in their vicinity - have
prepared the way for this they will understand it.
Call on Messrs. Clark & Brown & get a copy
of the letter of Unitarianism - send one to Rev. Dr.
Romeyer N.Y. - One to Rev. John Chester Albany leave
open one and write the No. of printed sheets - Do up 3 in
strong paper fully covered & direct them to Jos. Mourse
Esq - write his name on one Rev. Dr. Laurie's on another
Rev. Dr. Muir on another - Do up 1 chas
rev. John Chester of Unitarianism & direct the
latter to call home Sec'y of War - Keep the
bill written for I think the Chas. of the new bill
will be introduced here (Feb. 7th) & will have just sold to
a bookeller of Georgetown an opinion of the books & am. plan & cost & 4 mo.
I have a good prospect of selling 3 times as many more in this city
Alexandria - Have before me a letter from Mr Kingsbury who
informs that the Chotan Inds. in addition to the $500. &
$80.000. given have offered to pay out of their Annuity
of $11,000. for the support of another school for 1/2 of their. The Govt
will assist in supporting it. Every thing is to remain, Lock & Company
say to Mr County that have just had a conversation
with Mr Calhoun - latter says if Mr. Mourse will agree to only establish himself at Fort
Crompshorn in the District of Columbia at Prince Duchien, that Council will support
on the Tripartite it will be agreeable to the Govt. - I have shall have accord with
the distribution of the $60,000. annuity for their support - my request is that the General
Board meet as soon as possible & resolve to make their establishement at Fort
Crompshorn & enter the Sec'y of War with a delay in the distribution of this
annuity to be made this month. Our P.O. should remain with
the Govt. - it will be easier for us to keep our station. There must be no delay in the business.
