you know I love to have all things well understood before engaging in any
thing of consequence. If any of our furniture should be wanted for our
occupation a reason able allowance will of course be made by those that
are board with me, I shall finish this letter on Monday morning. Mr. Northern of the main tree
preach at last Sabbath. Mr. Cromway is to preach to-morrow though not being over the
steps of the Zoom since you left here. It will be equally in April do any dear friend of mine as you can.
This is my dear Friend and I have just received from the 27th of last month and read the one from you to
the Committee yesterday brought up by Mr. I am truly glad you have made up your mind to
let them go as they please and not to be present when they have determined to pay
you soon. We shall be the best means to get the interest of them but know not how
we shall succeed but don't be anxious about this I am sorry you do not get over your
dumbness. Committ the physician, all along as you return and to what can be done to
remove it I long to be with you to take care of him myself. I don't think an officer
can make longer & more frequent visiting places I am obliged to hear of your success in
the important business in which you are engaged may the Lord be with you and
keep you prosper you in all your undertakings and return you to your family in health
is our Daily prayer. I had a letter from Lucrictia yesterday the 1st of this I will
beg to be short affectionately remember to you when ever possible she had a long
letter from Finley he arrived in Charleston on the 11th of Jan'y had measured
fine room for his paintings found Henry Bell had not run Rich.
A number of the people have occasionally called to see me in my
belly State Edwards is composing a some thing which he will
send you by mail for you to copy & alter as you shall think proper
to be laid before the council we wish to get away from them with as little
disturbance as possible they are truly despicable in every opinion and I do not
wish you to waste your thoughts & spirits on them only pray for them
that God would open their eyes before their feet stumble on the dark
canyon of Bradstreet have been very kind & attentive and have felt
much for us I think they will be pleased to find that you have named
Dr. Bigood one of the council Mrs. Dawse has drank Tea with me since
you left me I wish you to come home very gradually I feel quite hurt at
the conduct of the family at Mr. Dick never to drop us a line since our
good Fathers decease I have never heard anything but what I saw in the
Newspaper. I hope you will bring any money that you may receive to
settle our affairs in this region as all will but barely be enough to get into
new haven I am all united in love to you with your affectionate W. H. C. Oliver
97330
