been at Columbia college, indeed of at home
sends us against accepting Brethren kind invitation
The company 2 Messrs. to which he is inevitably
refused in a domestic circle where there are
going the whole, we find destructive of studious habits,
2 as he is not very fond of study, a in, very fond
of social pleasure, it is best he should leave
College. His disposition, timidity tender, must be
with drawn from the softening influences of
effect in a indulgence & exposed to the hardening
process of self-deviation & interference with stronger.
This was our chief reason for sending him home
Thus wise the Catholic college at George Smith
could have been at one could worked on the
scene of instruction. Brother mentions in his
letter that they expect to see you at Princeton
I hope you will be there when Bayard arrives,
that you will see him - Dear fellow, he cannot
feel he want of maternal love - He be may
be he better with out it. - He was not only
entirely - he was delighted with the idea of
going to Princeton - This has reconciled me
to departure. The I feel very, very anxious
Human life is so uncertain - its timorous or shifty
to hostile, that I feel as if it is more than
probable we may never meet again. - But I
give him into the hands of his humanity fathers
who can do more & better for him than the sun's
earth's parents - Yes, I have made a full surrender,
& endeavors in so doing, to free my mind from ever
annoying. -- And where is your Bayard? what
is he doing, or indeed doing. I was he at the bedside.
It is almost a month since it took place at
was not until a day or two ago that I heard of it
that it was my own fault. Maria wrote in with
times the preceding month, to her two last letters
unanswered. I knew not how or why it was, but
really could not write to her yet about that time.
It was strange that Bayard was not asked to one, at least
of your choice. I cannot understand it. I agree with it, it remains
an unexploited point. Conscience -- I feel for them to be my
democratic conscience allowed by my own soul, should they
to have given him with us. If I have taken up a right
idea of his character, I think mine would quite have
given out me -- But at present I have not entertained
or an added mental -- I never have had one, -- that in
some way or other it has not increased my difficulties in
respect to him, while she entertained with us, seemed
quite any other. Divided, or even diverse interests, are
mechanical to democratic principles, and I do not suppose the
practically flying out of blending & conciliatory principles
into two different tempers -- my own in two different
cards, to be easily communicated between them -- I presume
the same kind of sentiments gives, having them
with you -- Another piece of information in Maria's
letters confirmed me, Elizabeth returns from Philadelphia being
placed at the High school, from whence she has been removed. My
anticipated great advantages from her residence in the
school has been quite frequent changes. Maria, kindly
uses me to let Emma Mann come on to school with
us, and Charlotte Babington, who lives at Dr. Bradley's, 29 Grove
street, Charlotte Babington, who lives at Dr. Bradley's -- Governor
Bradley is an adopted daughter of William Bradley -- Governor
Bradley is a fine, a very handsome girl -- She is likewise a native
innoculate with William Bradley, who with the Senators passed
two days last week with me and became without numbers. The gentle
beautiful beauty she is quite a belle -- I have none of fame. The
gentlemanly beauty she is quite a belle -- I have none of fame. The
gentlemanly beauty she is quite a belle. The beauty they have -- The
gentlemanly beauty she is quite a belle
