In a world where cause & consequence abound, perhaps
I should be thankful, for this natural immobility to
gloom & melancholy. Had I been differently constituted, the
many events of my life which have affected me, both
with out producing strong emotion, or lasting impressions, would
have made one a more miserable woman. In the
happiness I have enjoyed, I have escaped, in most
internal circumstances, or internal feelings -- and
the internal happiness, is not disturbed by the external.
I neither have experienced sorrow -- nor the contrary, --
feel as if a closer union had taken place -- as if
the spirit which while it inhabited a material body
was under the control of the laws of matter, was now
free from all such constraints & impededness to
intercourse with my spirit -- but it now even removes
from me -- I was perfectly become a guardian spirit
during it is no misfortune to be dismembered of a
heaven, suffering & infirm body, which subserves
a purpose divine, the immortal soul -- which desires
a passage down to the power of the mind. -- The
most important, is the effect of, to hear it with cheerfulness
& appreciation to the will of our Creator -- to be patient
& cheerful in tribulation, until it pleases our Judge to
relieve us -- I love to think that my time is spent
to a close, for this my Service has not been in vain,
a glorying in many others. The it has even been filled
with many unusual comforts, & pleasures. Still it is
a divine.
I am in daily expectation of a letter from
Maria, to give me further accounts of her family.
I feel restless & anxious about her & anxious to anticipate
more melodiously intelligence than even the death of
Samuel, which from her last letter I look for at two.
It is in moments of this kind of suspense & anxiety
that I cannot lament my absence from my beloved
place. I wonder the place of labor, one must exert
ourselves to the utmost round us, as at this period, one can
think not only to the loss of more friends,
but to the endurance of more bodily pain & infirmity.
The loss of friends & of health in the consequence of
Joseph's cannot one feel each other, when strength
is effectual, in suffocating these inevitable evils of life
that would be leaped by such tender participation.
That we never meet again -- that our tears never again
be mingled -- that I never again embrace or be embraced
by my more than sister -- my dear maternal friend --
Dear Mrs. Middleton! Disturbed from every friend
is now mourning over the loss of her beloved son
cannot but think dearest daughter -- Oh I know what he
suffers -- I had a letter some months ago from her, she
then did not apprehend this loss & yet wrote as one
who was far from happiness.
But my dear sister congratulate you on
Reynolds safe return -- after such protestations
of suspense & anxiety, peace must have been given
I receive again your beloved son. What plan has
he adopted -- I hope he will not find it necessary to
go away again from home -- Remember one most
effectually to him I tell him I must seriously consider
if Judge Southerd would locate him near us. He certainly
has the power to do something clever for a young friend.
Since my return home, I have seen his family, who
respect none than usual. Amundson, & Amundson's -- all my
friends have been to me & I have seen I believe
been a single day in the city prison or county prison.
I have too been almost a solitary family engaged with our
society -- Our Sunday School is organized. -- The young fellows
most engaged in it -- but we are engaged in two, to have
donnie twice a day to retain our neighborhood to school.
The whole of the Sabbath at church -- last Sunday we did
it. In the afternoon we had one of the best common trains
Mr. Hawley, I am heard. The formation of the school has
led us into the woods, a solitary place in a most
of the poor, where nothing, according to the usage of the country
always in transit from the road side -- Jesus was very often
surrounded with a population, more numerous, & more
active than he was in a desert
