February 4th 1820
My Dear Sir
I did not receive yours of the 25th ulto until
yesterday. I reside ten Miles from Georgetown, my father's
servant receives my letters & newspapers from the
office there, he brings them across the river & delivers them to my
servant who conveys them to me -- Your letter covering the
extracts from the papers was mistaken by my father's servant
who thought it contained money; and according to his instruc-
tions, declined the delivery of such letters to any one but to myself.
I am duly acquainted me of his having a letter of this sort, but
being engaged with the Company of two gentlemen from the North
who did not leave my house until yesterday, I was unable to
receive your letter before then. -- I have been thus particular in
my apology for the delay of my answer as I would not have you
wait a moment for payment, even if I knew it a matter of no con-
sequence. -- Messrs Kershaw & Lewis will hand you this and will
pay you immediately $250. for the frame -- and $600 more
for the picture -- also $10. for the boxing freight -- I will then
have paid you for the picture but $800. two hundred dollars
having been already paid you in part for it -- I know that
$1000 -- is the least sum I ought to have paid for it, two hundred
dollars is too small a sum for your extra labour, it does not come
up to the spirit of my Voluntary observations on the subject
I would have made $400 the extra price did -- I not believe I
should have occasion for a picture from you, nor others. --
I shall always consider you engaged to me for such pictures as I may
annually want. -- We will now begin with one of them -- I wish
another small whole length portrait of my Daughter -- the face only,
to be finished in Charleston, all the rest to be painted at your leisure, next
Summer, at the North, to be delivered to me the next Winter -- half
of the price to be paid when the head is finished. The other half when
the picture is delivered -- What is your price? -- It must be nearly
the size of the little picture you first painted of her, but somewhat
bigger, perhaps the length of the figure maybe about thirty two inches.
