the stage naturally caused great sensation.
With regard to the conversion of catholicism and despotism on it is well known
that many of the leading liberals in the southern states of Germany, which
have as representatives Goethe, Bismarck, Windischgrätz, Baden, Hessen-Darmstadt
etc., are Catholics. I mention these circumstances to justify my opinion
that the part of Henninger's account, relating to his persecution by the
Seruits, is the production of his diseased imagination; it is in our ward
a case of monomania. I could, I think, even with my slight knowledge of Mr.
Henninger and the few facts before me, point out the general progress of his ideas,
but there is no occasion for this at present.
I became acquainted with Mr. St. last October, when he brought me a letter
from Dr. Follen. His object was to find a publisher of his work on the Seruits.
Although I was then, as I am now, fully convinced of the treasonable and
injurious of his views of the power and extent of that body, and of the
catholics in general, yet the difference of opinion did not prevent
me from asking him if his undertaking. He was, however, unacquainted
with, and left Boston, again after a few weeks. He told me then that he
was here in a small town a few leagues South of Philadelphia, at the usual
time desired that university for the purpose of studying canonical, a course
of study comprising chiefly political economy and some portions of law,
intended to qualify the candidates for the various offices in the administration
of the government. It was during that time that he
became a member of a political association, in consequence of which he
was obliged, before the termination of his studies, to quit Philadelphia and
his country. With him I gained at once my good will and that of my
family by his apparent uprightness and purity of character, and I could
not entertain that his erroneous and extravagant opinions would be a
serious obstacle to his happiness of mind and success in life.
I must beg your pardon for this long letter. I wished to state fully my
opinion of Mr. Henninger to you also from motives of humanity and principle
to deprive him of an unfortunate young man who, living, and enduring to
product his memory after his death. -- I should have communicated your
letter to Dr. Follen, but he is at present on a tour to the West. -- Referring to
accept the assurance of my great regard, and believing me yours, Charles Dick.
