MORSE'S TELEGRAPH AND THE ENGLISH
TELEGRAPH.
MAGNIFICENT TELEGRAPH OFFICE,
Washington, February 9, 1848.
Editors: Your London correspondent in this
morning's Intelligence says: "The electric telegraph has
commenced operation in London, and transmits messages
to all parts of England. The price charged for sending a
message of one hundred words to Liverpool is £5. ($22.20.)
This is considered so high that great dissatisfaction is ex-
pressed. The time occupied in forwarding such a message
is about ten minutes. Do you not do this business quicker
and cheaper? The distance between London and Liverpool
is two hundred and twenty miles.
I can satisfactorily answer your correspondent's question.
The distance from Washington to New York is two hundred
and twenty-five miles, and a message of one hundred
words is transmitted ordinarily in five minutes, but sometimes
in three and a half minutes, at a charge of five dollars for the
first hundred words, but only three dollars and thirty-three
cents for the second and for each following hundred words.
The comparative efficiency of the American and English systems
of electric telegraphs is therefore easily stated and comprehended:
English telegraph, 100 words, 220 miles, 10 min. $22.20;
American telegraph, 100 words, 225 miles, 5 min. $25.00.
That England is not now reaping the vastly superior advantages
of the American telegraphic system is owing to the injustice of
her Attorney General, in 1838, in most unscrupulously refusing
to grant Professor Morse's application for a patent at that
time, on a plea false in fact, but, had it been a fact, illegal in
its application. An illustration of the old adage that "might
make might right" will now more forcibly exhibit than
its own force the counsel pursued by the English Attorney
General upon the application of Professor Morse at that time.
It is hoped for the credit of Great Britain, that she will yet
do that justice to the Professor which is due by all the
world to a public benefactor.
With high respect, your friend and obedient servant,
B. B. FRENCH,
President Magnetic Telegraph Company.
PROFESSOR MORSE.—Senator Cornwell accompanied
the resolution of the select committee, recommending the presentation of a gold medal to
Professor Morse, with the thanks of the people of
this state for the restitution of scientific honor and
of their appreciation of the benefits conferred and
to result from the invention and use of the Magnetic Telegraph, with an eloquent report. It is a
just tribute to the high scientific merit of Professor
Morse, and to the national honor which attaches
to him, and not less than in civic and military life,
may prove for the gratitude of an admiring people,
and for public memories of approbation by
their representatives. We shall publish the report
to-morrow. [Albany Argus.
The Electric Telegraph.
It is perhaps not generally known here that in
Great Britain telegraphing by lightning is a close
runner, held by a company under a patent which
expires in 1852. The telegraph office in London is
opposite the Bank of England, and charges $24 for
sending a message of ten lines to Liverpool ten
minutes work.
This telegraph line directed by Mr. O'Reilly in
this country, have sought exclusive favors neither
from the State nor Federal Legislatures; all they
ask is equal rights to all—protection to their
patentees—justice to their and their stock and customers, and that they be opened to all for free
and honorable competition, under an equitable general Telegraph Law in each State.
Some States (our own for instance), have granted
facilities for setting up a complete line of telegraphing, strongly supporting that which is that State
that they continue to refuse to consent a bill to do
for all modes what they were so willing to do for
only one? The last House of Assembly was so favorable, but they have been denied to carry out
the measure. This House has done nothing, as
yet, in the matter. We understand that Mr.
O'Reilly has extended the time for competition for
the $3000 premium he offers for the best essay on
the progress of Electric Science, with reference to
Telegraphy, to February 15, 1848. May next!
We perceive by Western papers that Mr.
O'Reilly expects to send the lighting to Fort Leavenworth, beyond the bounds of organized Government by the 11th of June next, and to send to
New Orleans. Only think of it! Shooting up to
the Upper Lakes down to the Gulf of Mexico—westward to the Pacific! "I do wonder what job
he will next be at!" said Amos Kendall of O'Reilly in the Louisville Journal. "The hard part is very."
The St. Louis Daily Times appears with others,
to doubt the utility of Morse's patent, and remarks that if the patentees may yet have a chance
of defending it. St. Louis is not the only quarter
in which doubts of this sort prevail. It was a
count of having invented nothing—was asserted—that Mr. Morse was refused a patent by Lord
Campbell, when in London.
Another Telegraphic Line.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 17, 1848.
We have now a telegraphic line established to the
Bitter, 20 miles in length, between the city. Mr. B. an
operator from the North destined to take charge of
the Belle station, arrived here in the steamship Falcon.
PROFESSOR MORSE MADE PACHA.—A correspondent of the
Journal of Commerce, writing from Constantinople, says
"a decoration in diamonds of a Turkish Order of
Honor such as is given to Pachas of two tails, is actually,
in the hands of our Legation, for Professor Morse, from the
Sultan, in return for the use of his telegraph. It will arrive in America with a royal diploma at the same time."
TARIFF OF CHARGES BY THE WASHINGTON
AND NEW ORLEANS TELEGRAPH COMPANY.—We have received a tariff of charges by the
Washington and New Orleans Telegraph Company from the telegraph office in Washington,
and the respective intervening points. It is published by the company, and we find that for
the first ten words sent to the first nearest point, Georgetown, two miles from Washington,
the charge is fifteen cents for each additional word; to Alexandria, 10 miles,
16 cents for ten words; to Charleston, S. C. 644
miles, the charge is 79 cents for ten words, and
16 cents for each additional word; to Mobile,
1,262 miles, the charge is 16 cents for ten words, and
16 cents for each additional word; to New Orleans,
1,716 miles, the charge is $2, and 10 cents for
each additional word. Between Mobile and New
Orleans the charge is fifteen cents for ten words, and
16 cents for each additional word. From Charleston to New Orleans 110 miles. Editors
and proprietors of newspapers receiving news for
their own paper are only charged one quarter of
the above rates. All other communications are
written in our language and sent to us. No
charges are added for signature and date, and communications prepaid.
LINES OF ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.—There are being erected two or three new lines of electric telegraph between Washington, New York and Boston,
by different companies and individuals. From the
abundance of things, there will, we fear, be a
great deal of quarrelling about these new lines. A
new enterprise of the same character in the West
has been stopped, and is now a subject of litigation, and we much fear that similar proceedings
will take place concerning the Atlantic lines, before
managers are settled down, and the companies or individuals who are contracting them will be permitted to enjoy their own rights or inventions.
Professor Morse certainly, thus far, has given good
work, and has been a model of industry. His patent
was the first to carry it into practical operation; and
although it might be advantageous to the public
to encourage rivalry in this business, still it ought
to be done with due regard to the rights of original inventors.
THE BOSTON POST says the following lines are
given because they are from the inimitable pen of
Randolph. It is of course to bear repetition:
"The stand called Lightning (says the Post.)
is owned in the United States.
"Two Franklin batteries fought the horse."
"The telegraphed Professor Morse."
Simple justice requires that the strain should be
finished, for catching and harnessing a horse is only
part of the work. So here goes."
"With Kendall's can the sun went shyly,
Till samed and broke by H. O'Reilly."
"Walt, wife, I don't see for my part how it
sends letters on them are wires, without testing
all is bits." "Law me, they don't send the papers
they just send the writing in a full state."
