1848
A model telegraph, upon the plan of Mr. Houss, is
being erected at the Merchants Exchange, for the purpose of exhibiting its capabilities here.
Morse & Co., vs. O'Reilly.—The Frankfort Express,
of Friday last, announcing the commencement of the
full term of the United States Circuit Court, in that
city, reported that Mr. O'Reilly, United States
District Attorney, moved for a rule of attachment against
Mr. O'Reilly, who is engaged in operating a telegraph
line which they have not obeyed the order of injunction of the court to cease their operations on the
line. The court has ordered the defendant to appear before the parties up to-day in custody of the marshal. Mr. O'Reilly, we understand, is in New York, where a trial is expected to be had in the United States Court. It is alleged that the defendant is guilty of an infringement of Morse's patent right in that State.
NEWLY INVENTED TELEGRAPH.—We take the following from a Washington letter in the Baltimore Patriot.
Mr. Gomon and his associate, Mr. Servell, have, after many years application to the subject, invented an important system of Telegraphs, which puts into the hands every one of the two kinds that has yet been attempted. By this admirable plan, they can communicate every kind of information, word by word, and punctuate the same, without using more signals than words, and with as much certainty as if they were written. The system of Mr. Gomon has received the most flattering encouragement from those literary and scientific gentlemen to whom they have explained the system, and it is not a doubt in their minds that it will accomplish the purpose of the invention, and realize all that has been anticipated from it. Mr. Gomon assures me that he will be able to communicate a despatch of one hundred words from New York to New Orleans in half an hour;—and those who are thoroughly acquainted with the system confirm his promises. How elementary does every other system appear in comparison of that which is described in the preceding paragraph. This system is so powerful in contemplating the consequences of such an achievement of human ingenuity. Distance is annihilated. Thousands of miles no longer divide us. We know on the instant what it is in the affairs of the world, and determination of our fellow citizens of other countries. Furthermore, it is that we live in an age for whose intellectual progress nothing is too ripe.
We know nothing of the telegraph of Messrs. Gomon and Servell except what is related in the above paragraph; but we do know that a gentleman of our acquaintance, several years since, suggested that intelligence might be communicated almost instantaneously, hundreds, if not thousands of miles, by means of very fine wires, properly coated to protect them from moisture, and extending between places thus widely separated. It is well known that the electric fluid occupies no perceptible time in passing many miles on a wire; and if it is possible, by connecting one end of the wire with an electrical or galvanic battery to produce any sensible effect whatever at the other, it is obvious that if there are twenty four wires, each representing a letter of the Alphabet they may be connected with the battery successively in any order; and if so connected in the order of the letters of any word or sentences, the word or sentences could be read at any station by a person standing at the other end of the wire. All the letters of a paragraph in a newspaper could thus be touched successively by a man in Philadelphia and the contents, verbatim et literatum, be conveyed to New York as fast as a composer could set up the type! It is not impossible that the time may be near when speeches in Congress taken down by reporters, and conveyed by these "electric telegraphs" to New York or New Orleans, may be in type, printed, circulated, and read, within a few hours after the voice of the speaker has ceased at Washington. The wire necessary for a distance of a hundred miles need not weigh many pounds, and if enclosed in an iron or rubber tube, and supported at high points along the route at intervals of 4 or 500 feet, could be extended through an immense distance at a trifling expense. The feasibility of the project depends entirely upon the practicability of producing any sensible effect at one end of a long wire by connecting the other and with an electrical or galvanic battery.
