not speak of them here. — I trust it is hardly necessary for me to add, that I duly appreciate the honour
which I have thus been obliged to decline. I shall ever gratefully remember it; nor shall I soon forget the peculiar favour with which the Committee have
honoured me on this occasion.]
I cannot imagine how the story should have taken the shape in which it appeared in the Mirror. Could it have grown out of what I requested you to say concerning my resolution (so long ago formed) on no account to accept more than one of the offered pictures? If so, it seems to me strange logic, that because I had resolved not to accept two, that people should conclude I must therefore have accepted one! When I made this request of yours, it was with reference to the artist, that they might know the kind of feeling which I had towards them: not that I wished to be commended for a "good" feeling, but to claim for myself what I considered a proper one. This was had been long made known by myself. — Do not suppose that I think the refusal came from you. I know it could not be what passed between us concerning the future was altogether contingent and hypothetical, and expressed merely my wishes, not my intentions, for the latter I did not know myself, as they would depend on future circumstances; and, besides, they took no definite shape, as I was merely building castles with you in private conversation. But now that I have sent my answer to the Committee, I have done with castle-building on public ground. In this matter my resolution is fixed; it is the only way in which I can hope to secure my peace. So there's an end on't.
The above was written (as you will have seen by a note on the first page) about more than a fortnight ago. I have now learned the disappointment of the "Pictures." I had hoped to have found your name amongst the commissioned Artists, but I was grieved to find that all my efforts in your behalf have proved fruitless. I know what your disappointment must have been at this result, and most sincerely do I sympathise with you. That my efforts were both sincere and conscientious I hope will be some consolation to you. But let not this disappointment cast you down, my friend. You have it still in your power to let the world know what you can do. I pray you to think from your mind, and determine to haunt all the better for it. God bless you. Your affectionate friend.
Washington Allston.
