by the apprehensions caused everywhere by the revolution of 1830. It was in spring 1834 that a plan was formed to make a simultaneous attack upon the government of the southern German states with the cooperation of the allied Solo thus residing in France. The explosion in Frankfurt was premature, and caused the failure of the allied plan, even if otherwise practicable. Henninger was one of the many who died at Heidelberg, and succeeded to cross the Rhine at Strasburg, before he could be arrested. This is his own statement made to me last October. With regard to the occurrence at the religious procession, I am unable to say, without the fact of the insult offered to the Peninsular and his attempt at revenge is true or not; I confess, however, that it appears to me highly improbable. If true at all, it was certainly an individual act alone, altogether unconnected with religious factions. The inhabitants of Heidelberg are pretty equally divided between the protestant and catholic churches, if there is a superiority of number, it is on the side of the Catholics. There as well as in most parts of Germany, these two parties are mingled, the best feeling prevails, and nothing of that animosity is perceptible which exists between the same and other denominations, in many cases between the same family, comprises members of both churches. The festival, the procession of the Lord, has been celebrated from time immemorial, the protestants making every intention to higher the effigy of that in many respects beautiful celebration, and the Catholics receiving the neighbors assistance with due gratitude. Such is the spirit in Heidelberg, as to the condition of the Catholic church in the whole state of Baden, it is a well known fact that the Bishop of that diocese, von Wessenberg, has never been confirmed by the Pope or movement of his liberality, that there is among the catholic clergy of southern Germany a quiet and respectable party, as in France, opposed to the supremacy of the Pope, to celibacy and many other institutions of the catholic church, certainly a very strong indication of a spirit of reformation. It was in 1822 Henninger, a catholic priest, in the south of Baden, with his entire parish renounced catholicism, and took up, giving himself to any persecuted creed, although
