and the reasons you are still an associate mate
question which I propose to further reflection you will find
it somewhat of a delicate matter for me to answer, as well might you
have a note on this subject who has one might you to give
and ask the reason why you are not invited
to be a member of his family.
I have been gratified if you can get my
reply the appearance of demanding an answer
at any time.
The Constitution makes it imperative that an unanimous vote of
the members of the Academy should be required to elect any
member of the Academy. That this mode, like all others, is
liable to abuse is admitted and is only admitting that it
is a constitutional imperfession incident to all human government
and the evils resulting from it we as yet think are less than those of
any other nation. I can answer your question generally that
you were not elected because some saw fit from reasons known only to themselves
not to vote for you. I cannot possibly be expected to know their
reasons and the ballot is secret.
With regard to the qualifications necessary for an academician
I sincerely give you my opinion, are proper and I thankfully answer
them. These qualifications are various and compound; the
object of associating together in an academic society is to
promote the general good of the State by combining
and harmonious efforts to spread a knowledge of art in the Community.
1. Genius or Talent in the subject of study 2. General Knowledge
and Divine Promised 3. Power of delivering a discourse in the language of the country 4. Interest in the success of the Academy 5. Willingness to contribute to its funds 6. Willingness to contribute to its publications 7. Willingness to contribute to its examinations 8. Willingness to contribute to its examinations 9. Willingness to contribute to its examinations 10. Willingness to contribute to its examinations 11. Willingness to contribute to its examinations 12. Willingness to contribute to its examinations 13. Willingness to contribute to its examinations
