it looks so much like a storm that I have not been able to go out
to get away this paper, but this is so that I think it will not make
any great difference in the price of postage -- As it is I think
it may at the latter hand, as to the way of the Committee.
If you will write me about the matter, which is the Jackson
affair, as I am almost sure you are the true inventor. While
today has nothing to do with the Boston Post, it has also not
a letter from you. I am sorry to hear that the Gazette will give you the
full terms of an article in their letter. I have seen since by the
packets of the Post of this, the paper containing two articles on the
Telegraph, which I hope will remove your anxiety.
I shall write you again, alone further by the Express,
which expects to sail the 10th of this. Then you may have
no chance to complain, of your absent during his absence.
We are now anxiously expecting another letter from you, having
received none since the one I wrote Dec 18th.
I hope we shall have a good meal. The Government has made a move
towards the adoption of the first Telegraph -- We are all pretty well
here, or nothing very remarkable has occurred since it last was.
Dr. Pettit is just recovering from a short illness, accompanied by a
back tooth, it has since been removed, but he really presented
quite a hideous appearance. The dear boys are well, though
I have not received a letter from them for over a month. Sally remains
strong a letter from Uncle A. to Uncle B. of their good health.
I intended soon to write them a confidential letter for their amusement.
-- They are still at Hamilton with Aunt Davis.
What Victoria is doing well, as as full of cares as ever. The prisoners
are a little crowded present of a Bible (pocket edition, to carry to Bible
Cases) & I have not read it yet, but I shall have it this week. -- I am very
comparatively clean father, to dress up
little only for money to pay my predecessor is very necessary
expenses -- I am having my old "mondeleine de laine" cleaned at the dry goods
shop, going to make it up myself, & try to make it suit as a house dress, &c.
John returns, when I shall need a supply of Summer orders, stocking
etc. -- I hope if you are able to, you will furnish me some articles
in Paris, as they are so much cheaper there. -- You will be glad to learn
that I have almost cured my chillblains, by the use of the Stannum
pillow. I feel very glad to think I am getting far from these troublesome
Summer complaints. -- I am going to leave the next page for
you to tell you all about the Jackson affair, I will send you
a letter by the mail steam packet, to make arrangements for this matter
obstant. -- This paper is miserable, & I think my hands as bad as I write -- How
excuse the unlettered writer.
