with her own house, a knowledge not to be displayed, but
to the world, quiet, and comfort to its effects in the order and happiness of the household. I was therefore delighted when you responded to the expressed wishes of your mother that you should make these, duties more your study than ever, I rejoiced because I was sure that in that resolution you were laying the foundation of a great deal of domestic happiness for the future; whatever may be your circumstances in this changeable world, or with whomsoever you may be connected in life, you will then be equally prepared to act with equal spirit whether in preserving or destroying an acquaintance of their accomplishments and
you were laying the foundation of a great deal of domestic happiness for the future; whatever may be your circumstances in this changeable world, or with whomsoever you might be connected in life, I could write you much on this subject, Catherine, for I feel the interest that I feel for my own daughter, but I am spared the labor of transcribing my own thoughts, by finding them so much more able set forth by a real lady, the young lady's friend in a little work just published, and it hath has become exceedingly popular; I send it to you, having purchased one also for my own daughter.
I wish you were here to see our expedition, it is thrown from morning till late at night; I met your friends the Jones there on Thursday evening and was introduced for the first time to Mrs. Jones I had not much opportunity of conversing with her, but you know I was always prepared with this in her favor from the amiable expression of her face, an expression which her daughter also has in perfection.
April 27th
I have this moment received Mary's sensible, and highly gratifying letter; and shall answer it immediately.
What do you think of my visiting Europe again? I am really thinking of July to be gone in a few months. I do not yet dare to say I shall go, but it is very probable event.
One amiable friend Mrs. Taylor sails in Monday for London.
I received a note from her at the American hotel, the Postscript of which I transcribe, she says Your friend Miss Catherine was looking very lovely last winter in Washington; why did you not come on? So you see what a favorite you are.
It is my birthday day to pay; I won't say how old but over 20.
Saw. P. B. Mosse.
