to the Lever is attached a Pencil, or Fountain Pen, or Printing Wheel, or other
marking material. The Pencil or other marking material is made to mark
upon 4th. A Cylinder of a size to hold a convenient sheet of Paper which
is wrapped around it. The Pencil or other marking material is made to revolve slowly and regularly by means of
the shaft of a clock machinery and to advance a short distance every revolution
of a screw or screw line. The Pencil or other marking material is in contact with the surface of the Cylinder either by its own weight or by a small
magnet attached to it, or when the Printing wheel is moved into contact
with the magnet when required to mark. 5th. A Needle or other magnet is offered to the
register, and regulated by the movements of the lever. 6th. An alarm apparatus to give notice that
a communication is about to be made to the President and is made to
strike at the first movement of the lever. — To each Register are attached
duplicatel Cylinders for the convenience of continuous writing
so that when one cylinder is lifted by a Shifting apparatus the other becomes
the other cylinder. The paper when removed from the cylinder forms a register page prepared for binding in a volume.
The Dictionary or Vocabulary is complete
The Dictionary is a vocabulary of words alphabetically arranged, and regularly numbered beginning with the letter of the
Alphabet, so that each word in the language has its Telegraphic number.
The modes of laying the circuit and of insulating the wires or conductors are various; The wires may be insulated by winding them
with cotton flax, hemp, cotton flax, hemp, or shellac, or pitch or resin and cotton flax, hemp, or shellac, or pitch or resin and cotton flax, hemp, or shellac, or pitch or resin, or enclosed in the air, enclosed above the ground,
or enclosed in tubes of iron or lead and then again enclosed in wood if desirable. Rivers the circuit may be carried beneath the bridges, or where there are no
bridges, enclosed in lead or iron tubes and sunk at the bottom, or stretched across, where the banks are high, upon pillars which
98413
