My Dear Sir
During his final illness I find it my duty to inform you that the affair of Dr Jackson
is put in such condition that you have nothing to fear. I wrote you by yesterday's mail
a copy of Jackson's communication in the Boston Post and accompanying
this is a copy of the Ken containing your brother's reply which was also published
in the Courier of M.Y. - Mr. Spivak is now in town on the business of the
Board of Directors making investigations and I have communicated with
him in person today. He thinks we will have a good report from the Senate on
the Telegraph. I have sent in a petition to allow our Company to import
wire & rubbing duty free. Seguin says the rails are self sufficient
and I am sending to the Prosper Committee Mr. D. S. doing what he can at
the Government office. We are anxiously awaiting the results. What are you doing
& suppose you are as anxious as I am regarding the action of the French
Government and the St Germain Rail Road I am giving a course of lectures on Chemistry at
McKistock's office every day ever since the delay here for more lectures
given. The University is now at the Colonial etc.
public estimation. I sent you sometime since a pamphlet
containing the resignation of our Faculty, namely Professor Joseph
Patton, Hackley Norton Burt & Davis Linne which the Faculty
have now organized with new professors and one of these professors
namely Professor Dwight Rogers of the Chem. Dept. has since resigned
the Medical Faculty has been since you left appointed and cure
on the eve of being organized in all 18 professors but in consequence
of the game played by the Chancellor & some members of the Council
they have resigned in a body and are going to publish their
transactions and history in a pamphlet form stating they have kept together
and are now applying to the legislature for a charter under
the name of the Manhattan Medical College. I will thank you
to day to the Directors of the Garden of Plants that I shall forward to
them as soon as practicable a box of the Suspended Red cedar, Forsythia
& Chiltenango with American Ligustrum. Yours truly L.D. Spivak
