The strange coincidence of some, and the rapid succession of other quite striking circumstances, induces me to mention them to you by writing, as I was not so happy to find you at your residence:
1.) Ludwig enumerates, since a few weeks, among the names of subscribers to his paper that of a certain Merrick, Esq., in Columbian, Col. C. Ohio (if I am not mistaken) and of Anderson, Esq., editor in Ohio, both names of individuals that probably putted my ruin on board of the Hudson. Merrick brought my trunk to the Philadelphia Restaurant-Hotel, N.Y. the day after I had one on shore, for I was scarcely able to save my papers, and left trunk behind. I considered my help to Capt. Edis. Insurance.
2.) The "Allegemeine Zeitung" of to-morrow will contain an article on the Orange Party in Ireland, wherein the editor compares the English Protestants pretty hardy.
3.) A few days since I was requested by my landlord (bookbinder, Fred Kamp), a man who formerly belonged to the Church of the Jesuitical preacher (Rizzotto from Vienna, now in Philadelphia) to write his address on a small piece of paper, which I did, as he pretended to have no ink.
4.) Yesterday afternoon Mr. Ludwig retreated with his foreman (Westall) into a corner of the composing room, where he opened something like a respectable library of my maps of London, which I had left at home in my room, on the table.
5.) In the evening, when I went home, I found my map in its place, but missed several pages of extracts I lately made from the German "Lexicon" (Encyclopedia) for some literary purpose, and which I had likewise left on the table.
6.) Yesterday afternoon, the pressman Richards, who has quitted Ludwig's office, came there again with the singular intention to offer me a volume, entitled "the mutiny", which he recommended me to read. I positively declined it, telling him, I was too much engaged to squander my time away with such things.
7.) On Monday or on Tuesday evening I had met that young German, Stoller, out of whose hands I received, at 7 o'clock, $20, or account of the $100. D. Kaemmer in Pittsburgh. He surprised me with the news that he had quitted the company of Mrs. Mueller and Oppenheim. I returned, at the door of his house, a book (a vol. of the Engl.) which he had lent to me, cautiously avoiding seeing him in his room.
8.) To-day, Ludwig ordered me to hardly half a dollar he gave to me to his apprentice Theodore and tell him, it was for those newspapers (ports) which, to-morrow will have to be sent to Philadelphia. I objected, that I did not like
To Prof. S.F.B. Morse, N.Y.
98346
