When he had sufficiently resolved himself to be
able to speak. I never hintfully told my answer.
exclaiming -- Your sir: under providence have
been the stream of saving my soul. -- Do you
exceller fast enough -- Then you have had
such piece -- in the opinion of the world
United against you -- I have neglected in that world
& upon an unobtainer -- but curiously I do not
listen to her -- my attention is occupied --
before you had done speaking -- I felt something
like an arrow of conviction -- invisible in my heart.
When you ceased -- my mind was exalted, and
filled with desires to the full. I now wish I
had been a Christian -- and determined if there was
a being a God -- a soulful blessing -- a salvation.
God would have saved him -- I could not
have saved him in my time -- perhaps I was entertained
of the conviction of a vain -- I placed myself in a
soul hole -- on the shore -- the blessings of the
universe were like mine temptations -- their mutual
conflictary emotions in my breast & passed
on Christliken night. -- From the hour Satan
in Jesus held his empire -- my mind began
to open to the prophetic truths of the gospel. I became
a new man -- and within a few hours, all is
truth -- are satisfied in established Christianity.
They say that possession of such a book gives
him world's power. -- I -- God bless you -- I beg
is there no Balm in Gilead -- in the no
physician there? --
The divine will now contemplate, is one
which is increasing, in an alarming degree in
our country -- that country which is United with
every means of happiness which can all Being:
Philip Longfellow can destroy -- Man thus united
in union -- with less power than the Gospel -- and
in connection with glory and honor -- will
not even the worship of the Christian and Gen
dominion over every thing that lives, the
is great in purpose -- the preservation of the
hospitality -- the Sovereign of the whole earth --
from the voluntary consent to place him-
self in a world with the Beasts of the forest --
can he sacrifice all these beautiful persons
and degrees -- his nature, which originally
parted of the nature of Angels -- I cannot
reply in the negative -- for instance, the Brady
Medical, who has not overwhelmed scores of human
from Phil. Samuel -- at times of Wholly -- the heart
results. -- Lest I at your lotteries -- it turns
