my next letter will most probably be mailed from
Stoney - I am obliged to leave the city the first of April
of my health is continued. I shall I doubt not every
so soon as I have better done in gardens than
every 2 or 3 days feel as lively in bed as I ever did
and of your flowers - I suppose we must only be content
with a few for ourselves & depend on the influx of our
gardeners for your specimens &c &c
The gentle from one of the most affectionate moments
to you & yours - when I hope - I continue to wish
your every success I hope - I continue to hope for our dear
Queen's recovery - when - I wish her to be
March 31st. 1830. Washington
Your letter my dear doctor, still it is agent
measures reduced my mind from painful suspense, still
leave room for most anxiety about Maria's health
If all the diseases to which the human frame is subject
none appear to me so much to be detrimental to
nervous affection. They are dreadful because they
effect the mind equally with the body - very little
reparable & therefore very unremedied though influences
are mysterious & beyond the eye of science yet as
they are not fatal to life they create less sympathy
than any other experience which for mortality is
universally. As they are most difficult to cure - so are
they the most difficult to support. I have no doubt
it is much from the nature of the case there is no
hope I would so depend on it for my recovery as I depend
on finding this part of the system in health with a form
as healthy as that of Maria's what a disastrous reflection would it
be to receive measures complements to her character as they
are deemed to be the principal part of recovery. If
the complaint of which I complain is completely restored from
her I would not be immediately satisfied with her recovery
but have not been from an injury. You will very
often have your regular newspaper. I hope you will
not be too long from me. I would indeed be glad of
the return of the weather again as I find it is the
season of the year when after the winter confusion
the air becomes so healthy & refreshing of my
place. I have been in the country several times
since then two days been in the country & found
my flowers looked at best many miles from home
to be enjoying the same delightful feelings I experienced
when I was in the country. The flowers are completely out now
the flowers in the garden are in full flower & I am
glad to hear from them. The flowers in the house
are giving their fragrance & beauty to the room
& I am sorry to see the flowers in the house are
not in full flower. I am sorry to see the flowers in the house
are not in full flower. I am sorry to see the flowers in the house
are not
