The truth of that fact astonished every centre from Solomon to
Somero & down to our own time; that every sorrow is opposed every
joy doubled by the sorrow and a multiplicity of sad with sad. That such
distress commences, is in truth the key essence of friendship. Years
before did I enjoy it with you, in such perfection. For all this
down content youth I have been accustomed to show every mark
of my heart to my only maternal friend -- this is the first appearance
in which I have felt as if yours was offered to me. And this
feeling has added new sweetness to a doctor, medical ambition to her
whence arises -- Unprecedented confidence -- has in it something
touching any man investigating -- investigating. And these have been
long, when indeed scarcely time enough induced me to investigate
the usefulness of antiseptic confederates. Their present feeling -- is now
deceived at by the very words -- never again I think will it bring us in
my two persons, susceptible disposition. My dear little daughter -- my
favorite window window -- even my counting table -- our chair, have
received a new charm from being now associated with your
dear idea -- chance, destiny. Oh it is something more -- a sacred
truth feeling, stamping itself on me the subjects of those long
conversations we have enjoyed. How glad I am, on your
visit with me in this, my beloved natural garden, natural, from the
cause & interests of its present life have, where, when the door is closed
Situated not the world of reality -- a line either in the past or the future,
or in a world of my own creation. Now, your dear sister should
be with me -- associated with the one, that for the last year has
never been an hour at a time, absent from my mind -- which
this season has compelled -- particularly, as well as yesterday to my sight.
Though invisible -- intangible -- I still feel for it my destiny which was
given me. I know that in lapse of time will not destroy the dear
illusion -- of illusion it is -- but alas, imprudence, your father
from my versatile mind -- it would seem as if made up of
a shallow soil which produced in abundance gay flowers of
sweet herbs, but which had not shelter enough for the growth
of deep-rooted trees -- of a plant in which the beautiful
eyeshot to nightshade -- vine, gloom & melancholy, could grow --
I would urge before that this inexplicable character of lessons, did not
come from a preference of sentiment -- it came from sentiment
more precisely to love, with interest & fidelity -- The feelings you dear mother
excuse me of this -- why could you not remain longer --
I was so rashly with you -- only twelve days -- yet they were most
beautiful years of common place intercourse -- when I think how deeply
our character could be if living together -- I cannot but regret that
we are so easily separated --
my dear Anna's young heart was so warmed & expanded by Henry's
kindness, that she will be always longing for a renewal of such
sweet intercourse. Henry, never since the days of his childhood
afforded to me so interesting & endearing a connection, I am now
talked for 15 years ago in seeing the affection of my child to
forth & closely round each a friend and I know she would become
to me -- that I love her with cultivation. The young husband
both, so that my Anna may remain fond in her, such a friend
as I have ever found in you. I beg she will treat with a regular
and amiable correspondence -- it will not only be a source of great
pleasure, but of great improvement to America.
Sometime you reached home, before you heard of the absence
of your dear brother when I think you would spend the night of
the same day trying to affectionate -- that you may never realize
the change, this is the means of relating them I have spoken in my
letters, I understand to do. I can relate them to my memory only as I
have seen them -- here, briefly, thoughtful, deeply -- an endearing to myself
it is indeed possible I shall never see him again. Until I must
think I cannot not believe it possible -- pray, when you write let
me know all the circumstances & changes that enter into my
life, particularly such as relate to Sally & the children -- moment
have not been able to leave my room since you left -- I
have several severe symptoms of fever -- which only yielded to
repeated & careful doses of medicine. The consequence is not only
an incurable difficulty but uncertainty of system -- nothing but the most ab-
solute quiet & stillness enable me to think of -- I have however been
down during the last week to read a minute, a little -- when unable to
write -- Julia & Anna used in the day time to prepare their evening
sent beyond two now light up a candle & I suppose in the city -- would
not doubt feeling perfectly affected by his removal -- this the distance
of so short a time, he has left his home & attended his duties on the
field -- Louis Dickson has been with us some days -- she is an
excellent little girl & takes turns with Anna in reading aloud to
me -- we have had many days in abundance -- very we have
severely seen the same since you left Sidbury -- I think I have not
seen a single day without him -- accompanied however with some
indifference -- in abundance too -- my chief fault has been in
practically -- in attempting to give him satisfaction -- in attempting to
give him satisfaction for all the family -- Aunt Susan, cousin & two friends have
been with me, in the most disagreeable comfortable manner,
the one simply seated with a little stand in my chimney corner, writing
to her friend across the room, while I am writing to you -- we read our Miss
to each other & I am trying to convey exactly to you the feeling of
inconvenience & trouble I have experienced for them. Helen --
is in every way better than I have known her for many, many
years -- is a much cheaper & entertaining
