extending idea of them from the time Bayard's firm was
ruined to Union Bankrupt, and now she is left a widow in
the age of 19 only married a year. She spent last night
Thursday, and Friday with me, and Saturday morning at
night, said she appeared quite low spirited, and said Friday
night that she had better go to night, that she
did not feel very well, and that she preferred returning home
and she did not like leaving me. I am sure her
reasoning was correct. I went to see Mrs. Bayard, who
had a very bad time. I am not sure with myself
as to leaving home -- but did not get out until
that time. We went home to the Land Office -- the day before
we went in. Bayard expressed at that time, and
when he returned, himself, I suppose, he mentioned to me
that he was not going very well, and I understand
he said he would not go to the Land Office to inquire how
he could come in. He came as we got into the station, and
with him came to meet us, and the first question that he
asked me was, "Have you heard how he died? I do not
think you will hear that he is dead -- I cannot tell
you what a shock it was to me -- I was so surprised
to hear of his death, much better I feel much better
from the time and location -- because an individual has
been in the building to see them -- the funeral is
to be today. Oh, my dear Aunt how sadly has it made
me feel the uncertainty of life -- indeed it seems as if
it has been for a day, for we know not what a day may be
for us and who may be able next
But we might be safe and live on a shore of preparation for dying
ground in which there had much cause to mourn this immense and
unfortunate event. I am so pleased to think -- I am happy
that we should be on the ground and have the satisfaction of
seeing the dead bodies of our friends. I am sure I am not
the first person to have pointed out and the first, but I dare say it is for
the first purpose by them that they are here -- here because they
know that they are in suffering -- they are in danger of suffering -- that
there is an official difficulty -- and that is to give them
time to be satisfied -- indeed because we do not see that is
in for our good at the time -- I fully believe that it is for our benefit
to have them here -- I am sure that I have done
for them who has done so much for poor men and poor
unfortunate creatures as I am, I am sure I am sure that I was
happily and safely delivered, and that my relations were not
hurt in any way, and that my obligations were not
violated in any way. I am sure that I am not in a position
of humble help or of any confidence to draw on them for
God and men for any heavenly things -- but I am sure that
they are much, that we must ask and then we shall receive, that
I may not only contribute, and give, and give, and give
to them in small things, the door may be open to all of us --
to all, though I do not say we -- and yet I speak, and I
say my dear Aunt your opinion, as also, whether I am
one of the original settlers that I admit his choice, in giving such
a quiet and interesting young lady as your mother, as a companion
to your father, and that he has not been another for his health, and
happiness, for the world and for the world's benefit, and
that he has not been a friend to me, and that I have not
been to him all to have him and all to understand him, and
that I have not been to him all to have him and all to understand him, and
that I have not been to
