engaged in duty or in pleasure -- I am interested
in different objects -- Am I sure an act to Divine goodness
Has Bourbeau & Mrs Stewart, if possible one more
friend than ever. Susan & I, who came into the
city before the rest of the family, to experience long arrangements have
been three or 4 days with them -- As Susan
will be more kind & attentive to all our wants &
interests & old Sam Bourbeau ever interested himself as
a matter for me & mine. Your health & dear Mrs
Bourbeau remains of one old stock of friends -- I like
girls and young men now even of their own age --
Mr J. H. Smith, continues much the same -- The
couple is no better -- he has little finer -- no finer -- a
good appetite -- which is not now restricted by
Dr Somers, in strictly as it was, when more inflammation
existed -- this voice, is becoming, scarcely audible
& he cannot talk so much as he did -- he has no
habit of study, nor even taste for reading -- which astonishes
me -- as I thought he had -- what a pity it is
that men have no appreciation when to put at
the intervals of business, or neglect the tediousness of experience & listlessness of convalescence -- Mrs Smith, will suffer
the rest of his life without her at home, or be of short
life has now no other home. But he does not intend,
that we know this -- I speak as if only in a temper
-- very anxious, prompted by affection & the health. --
I received your last letter, the weeks before
an commenced moving & was so much engaged in
making preparations for winter removal that I could
not recommend quiet & leisure. & even now, cannot
write as I would have to write to you -- from
the heart & but must content myself with telling
you something of our own circumstances & experiences
the tender relations I feel in yours -- I was much
affected by the amount you gave of dear Sarah but
it was with tenderness, rather than sadness. for the piece
you give down was nothing to the heart & elevating to
the mind. So much was the impression it made, that
it seems to me at times as if Sarah was placed
a most courteous -- his gentle but dignified manner
& how he left a saddened world -- his image is constantly
recurring to my mind -- particularly at night -- I lie
much awake & it is then I am in spirit with your
dearest sister -- How deeply she must feel to have
all his children round her -- to have by his side
in which he so dearly loves -- 2 friends -- 2 comforts -- 2
brothers all -- Peace within -- that peace which the
world cannot give -- & cannot take away -- Thus --
above the scene of lamented existence -- & it is a
consummation devoutly to be wished! & now join the
prayer beautiful & holy prelude of the end of
the Presbyterians, which must be the wish of many sinners
If strikes the closing scene of all its terror & transformation
& into one of the tenderest & dearest & most intimately
a mortal can know -- & that I could make one
write the dear circle that surrounded him & minute
that sincere affection, felt by me, since I first
knew him -- And now one of your sister -- do
you get suffer from your article -- don't confine
your to one room -- dear I wish to see you --
but this is impossible, therefore pray let me
hear from you, otherwise than I have done of late.
If you cannot go about town -- will you not
have more time & quiet for writing -- indeed,
dear dear sister -- my thoughts will daily -- will
nightly visit your memories -- I must affectionately
pay my dear Mrs Smith -- your most
