Sidney. April 29, 1830.
It is three weeks since I wrote to you. I know not how it
is that such an interval has taken place, until I
lost up the account of days I neither I was not conscious
that so much time had elapsed. Our removal, not from
the "brown room to the blue" but from the dusty streets
of the city, to the green groves of the country, has given
so much occupation & so much variety to time last
five weeks, that truly, any time has escaped me &
was gone before I missed him. This was not the case
- the city, particularly during the last month - she drags
dragged slowly heavily along & when gone, I felt as
much relieved as a pedestrian lays down his pace.
Some would say, is not this strange, since in the city you
were in the midst of society - in company from morning
to night? But you my dear sister will not say so, & will
believe me when I say, that it was this very circumstance
that produced the loneliness & meanness of mind
& which I complained "he and never left alone, than
when alone," sounds very paradoxical but one, have
learned its truth from experience. Could I negotiate
social intercourse by my own inclination, I would give
the whole day to solitude & a few hours in the evening
to society. - But to have every hour of the day robbed
& upon by company - & it is a thousand times worse
than to be always alone. - I was sick of the city &
returned with indescribable delight to Dear Sidney.
And since I have been here, have passed part of
every day & sometimes almost the whole day out
of doors. - We have had but one rainy day
during the last 3 weeks until the present - This I
laid with joy - it shuts me up in my own quiet
mit chamber - on one side of me is a cheerful
fire (very comfortable Suppergun) on the other the
wind & from whence I look upon a Grove of
lilacs in full bloom - white & pink - the Persimmon
tree just out in leaf - & the green lulls & words beyond
the mass of flowers & verdure noise round me &
the eye can take in nothing else except the clouds -
the rain drops are patterned on the Piazza -
