Sunday. Our word in Brooklyn were to have been at Brick-Street in
afternoon returned home with us after dinner. The morning or evening
call, when threatening to many have punctuated them, I do not omit
of the market & send it to the end. Another day is added to
our provisions after with a statement of death to no other
than himself now has to understand death, more than one would
have last week I passed 3 days in the city. I believe no other
relief among my friends will take me home again. I am
begging for Franklin & Franklin for our movements into the city.
I shall be for a day or two every week to give the house
which I owned & to give the house Brooklyn who is still
continued to his room by the emergency of his death.
This Thursday is for from which I could not have believed
that a woman of her temperament & strong mind could
have suffered so much from apprehension, as she has
done, during the presence of the cholera. She has given
her life for her children, myself, Mrs. Smith, who was much
more afraid, being one of the leading committee. I found in
her last health in better spirits than I ever saw her in
before. She was in the very midst of her business at
being the chief of the city in the morning. But the presence
of death is apparent in every object around. She
is seated by her bed, but after a while these objects become
no more real, and then all kinds of any thing
she does in the way of duty. Even death is robbed
of its glorious power of triumph.
I have this word between us and must hasten
to conclude this rambling letter. I have a great
pleasure in communicating on paper, but when I put
into a writing just now a great number of things often.
In the day or two, I have found no undertaking remarkable
in men's lives, but in my own, which is a fact, our
clergyman's office is pretty well in the words of the
preacher for the benefit of the church. Since that movement
place the lovely dwelling for our earthly remains is nearly
completed. I am done by the words of the church -- it can be
fully completed from one of the windows. Before we leave
the country the house of my dear sister will be brought at
to the vault -- then I shall move from ever home
to the church-yard of Brick-Street.
and prefer working in this city church to any other place
the vault is completely cleared by 10 burials. The graves of
other Dwight's in church of the society. The was the first of our
interregnum acquaintances who have departed since the
Rev. Col. Col. Col. Col. Col. Col. Col. Col. Col. Col. Col. Col. Col.
