Wednesday. Dear Sirs - This half of a most important letter on my own
morning, myself, you must have received our joint letter on Monday morning
addressed you. The whole of my morning I was engaged in discussing matters
with Mr. G. H. Smith, who is very anxious to obtain a license to
practice in this city. I am sorry to say that I find myself in
the position of having to oppose his application. I am sure
that if he is successful in obtaining a license he will be
very much regretted by many of the leading men in this
city. I am sorry to say that I find myself in the position of
opposing his application. I am sure that if he is successful
in obtaining a license he will be very much regretted by
many of the leading men in this city. I am sorry to say
that I find myself in the position of opposing his application.
I am sure that if he is successful in obtaining a license
he will be very much regretted by many of the leading men
in this city. I am sorry to say that I find myself in the
position of opposing his application. I am sure that if
he is successful in obtaining a license he will be very
much regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I find myself in the position of
opposing his application. I am sure that if he is
successful in obtaining a license he will be very much
regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I find myself in the position of
opposing his application. I am sure that if he is
successful in obtaining a license he will be
very much regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I find myself in the position of
opposing his application. I am sure that if he is
successful in obtaining a license he will
be very much regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I find myself in the position of opposing his application.
I am sure that if he is successful in obtaining a license he will be very much regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I find myself in the position
of opposing his application. I am sure that if he is
successful in obtaining a license he will be very much
regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I found myself in the position of opposing his application. I am sure that if he is successful in obtaining a license he will be very much regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I found myself in the position of opposing his application. I am sure that if he is successful in
obtaining a license he will be very much regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I found myself in the position of opposing his
application. I am sure that if he is successful in obtaining a license he will be very much regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I found myself in the position of opposing his application. I am sure that if he is successful in obtaining a
license he will be very much regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
I am sorry to say that I found myself
in the position of opposing his application. I am sure that if he is successful in obtaining a license he will be very much
regretted by many of the leading men in this city.
