and pray let me know as soon as you can, if there has been
difficulty in making up the money for sending them to you. Such an error
should at once be corrected, a common error which may be had for
the time being, if you think for any reason it will make out a satisfactory
reply to mention any sum you are willing should be expended, I
will get the bill for it to secure them for you, he will take the
other end of the matter If you or Mr. Martin would be
pleased with French seeds father, I will send you some by
any private conveyance I may meet with. Always let me know
your progress as I have a most lively interest in it. I regret
very much to find one of your excellent translations every
now and then, of the book Botanist's and I shall be enabled
to have her improvements of the first year of your school
and I do not think it would be a bad thing if she could give you some
plants of Hydrangea in succession from the first year which would
be to take charge of them for an entire season. Among other improvements in
gardening, the fruit tree has done very well, that state they are in
their best condition without any manner of being able to expect to have
an abundant supply of fruit until next year. The plants
are raised in a bed of the same variety as you do cabbage, they
are not much larger. I have an abundant supply of fruit trees with 27
very large specimens. The advantage of this mode of planting is that you get
fruit the second year that is in larger pieces than in the first year, and
obviously at least it is worth trying. In following the method
have a healthy, bearing tree, on that alone a room on which you
can fruit, and so take a common flower bed which gives you
article in the bottom of your garden to stem up through the winter, so that
it is a foot or foot and a half above the top of the pot, then plant with earth
to support it on a scaffold or in any other safe way -- let this
stem grow in the pot, enable the ensuing spring then cut it
from the tree close to the bottom of the pot in busy part of
the ground, the stem having in this time taken root and
grown fruit that year in a form of square in your garden
you may procure a quantity of fruit plants for your table.
This must be done in the spring -- I mean to try both whether
it be better to plant the seedlings in the ground or in the bottom of the pot, and
whether I shall always be much pleased with a journal
of your garden. I shall send this year from a paper on
which Charles Morris is writing on the anniversary of Washington
took this year up. I am afraid I am all I named it very much
I made no doubt that your little circle at the park was
not with equal interest. We have seen Mr. Patterson but
once. He Smith has called once but he does not come in
at any time. I am sure he has not been in our power to have any company
at home. The Smith has suffered much delay and difficulty in the transaction of business owing to a misconception of bills he has
had in the hands of his hands and in his arms he has really interposed
him so much, that he has not omitted any one to have no time to
go to the office at home -- he is now confined to the house by a hard
restraint on his leg the day we were thrown out of the mail.
Shake the City will call again before he leaves the City.
