you have mix it half a half with milk, but
if no milk is at hand, it is very pleasant
alone. The first I used for Julia, was supposed
I sent to me by her for
Richelieu, who offered
me after many experiments, she never found any
good equal, acceptable or suitable to infants, as
it keeps the breasts neither too clean or too bound.
Your little Bayard is constantly busy for something
to eat, nothing catching at every thing which
touches his lips. That it quite disturbs me, his
bones have been dislocated, he has had two attacks
of dysentery. I have been trying to get him a
wet nurse, for I do not believe he will thrive
without a breast.
This 3 weeks today since our friends
arrived during which time I have not been able
to command an hour to write to you as one having
riding to be essential to Japan & Japan, we
have rode very often & scarcely been once
away at home. I fervently wish that the
joint may be of service to the whole party,
but I cannot think it will make any radical
change in the old gentleman. His peculiar
inclination to sleep is a symptom of an alarming
nature, in all other respects he appears in perfect
health -- I enjoy the country & our society
very much -- some delightful hours have passed
in the charge of young -- and if she could be
sent to charge her dress, I am sure she would be
better for it -- she is in the deepest widow's mourning
& makes ann' wear the same I wish you would
write to her on the subject, I suppose what any
other person's advice would. She seems to think it
a duty to devote her regrets & think that money
& sadness is in her heart a suitable tribute to
the memory of her son. But that excellent sister
where every action was regulated by the strictest sense
of duty, would never wish such proofs of affection.
Your favor -- it makes me sad to look at her, she
is made when a child to my eyes like a slender
flower -- and I am nothing in perspective to cheer
this sadness. I do not think she will ever find
her own family & I fear she will never find
one honest of all people -- I think she would consent to leave me with her, for
I fear of the stage at home -- I am afraid of
her -- Oh my dear sister what a melancholy
thing would it be if one had no hopes of happiness
from this world -- even its greatest comforts, &
honors & distinctions are incapable of filling the
heart & satisfying the senses of the immortal soul.
In the midst of all this world can give there is
nothing -- a crying void left which in the heart, &
the unassatisfied heart which if this joy, & this turns
to another is a better world to find that contentedness,
in which it does vainly struggle in this life -- How
much more delightful then must be the perfection of that
other world be to the heavenly heaven & absolute -- This
surprised me, that Death is spoken of as an ail --
Surely it is our best friend -- I feel as if I could
wake to you the whole morning, but Maria must
