Sidney - Oct 2d - 1862 - Sunday -
Snow is faithful - I am very happy to day, both owing I believe
to the return heat, for two days past - it has been so oppressive
that I have been good for nothing. - Maine 2 Snow in this letter
complaint of stormy weather, & he has informed us this day a
parcel of land would a whole weather storm be - I really
believe that all the country people would willingly not see the
sun again for a month, if the clouds that hid it, would but pour
down rain. - As much as I can collect we have had but
three rainy days since the first of May, 2 not a Showers in
a month, on an average 2 I have not heard thunder but
three or four times this summer - The oldest people do not recollect
but such a long continued drought, streams & springs are very
often failing & few mills can grind, so that in some parts
of the country people have had to go 15 to 20 or 30 miles to
mill - There is much distress around us from this circumstance,
at the corn meal we have used for some time past, we obtained
from a windmill & wheat flour is absolutely tough, we have
given up selling a barrel. Many families have had to
use hominy instead of bread 2 yesterday I sent three cents to buy a
little meal, & the children were crying for this breakfast & I do
not as I send to give them; another of my neighbors came for a bottle
of hay, could get no meal. - The crops of wheat 2 rye have
been abundant, but the product of corn, & melancholy.
By this time Maine is again at Brunswick, I expect your
letters were received at the same time, I must in this instance
make one answer do for both. Had I written to you the day after
I received it I could have written with more pleasure to myself
for the weather was then, truly delightful, & I felt at the animation
of the sun & electric air so refreshing. - You my dear sister, consider
the little lessons a succession of incidents had left you, I can make
no such excuse for my silence, for I have passed the summer free
from all the intimisions of society 2 have enjoyed the charms
of solitude in most abundance & perfection, that could admit
into a book as big as Timon's was original, in its progress
to fact I had no idea could have been so contented on
such fatal occasions till I have written three miles of only, 2
never go there except on business - My time has passed very
pleasantly not from the circumstances with which it is surrounded
but from the happy state of mind I have enjoyed. I never
have been free from all kind of care. The children are healthy
& gay, & I have myself perfectly well, 2 I have for an
unlettered servant woman, 2 Mrs. Has set your eleven years
