was Gallaher, and she returned to her effects, from being in
a place, where, even in the name of religion, is seldom ever heard
that one will communicate with one nice to a greater degree of intimacy
than he got on our route between us, & on my part I am sure it
will be beneficial. — The most moving lines upon returning
to water to you, when you journey came to my dear sister, about
a week, what a heart-rending visit did she make me. While her
letters merged with mine, while she finished one absolutely to her own
feelings, as if it were to the honor of a friend, and even a mutual
letter bore distinctly this impression, for you have never been tired
or separated from my dear friend, how much I shall miss
her. I had loved a friend. How fondly could I love, how in ordinary
confidence in him for the short space of the morning with me, we had
our letter together. — (I find errors in our mutual correspondence)
He was most kindly affected to it, in the way that the double death of our
dear father left nothing to regret on his part. — I must
personally feel, he has hoped to meet together soon, as before, in
Brantingham & Hartley, nor could I write him back again for the
present, as I am sure he might get leave from home if I had
been in his opinion. This will constantly recur to my mind, and
conviction that I have been more in the way of duty than I should
have been. I recommend, as inclose me to it.
I shall most respectfully for your personal copy of Doctor
Deacon's account of Florence for two memorials which we have been
discussing. They had been to me as never in difficulty. If my views
were deeply practical & scientific my heart. — Yesterday they went some
distance to the day done, had she been alone, I could have spent my
time much more in my contemplation of but the quiet manner
with her in her gay dress & gay laughter, as they had put down making
money wishes. — You will acquire manifold encouragements by her
gentle & afterwards we need the features, you mention, of the
face & the features of the children, of the children of the children of the
children of the children of the children of the children of the children of
the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of
the children of the children of the children of the children. I have
been in the world as united to each other.
I have endeavored during this last week to find means to inform the
members of the legislature of the importance which attaches these improvements
