one to it. The, at times I can scarcely resist the oppression
of spirits which seize upon me. I resort to one of the
best remedies for solace, and occupation -- that
I know that most men I have ever met have said I
am -- If I could do justice to our little girl, I
should not write for a name for Bayard, for I
never feel at ease when he is out of my sight.
He knows more & more every day & promises to
be a fine healthy boy -- but at his age how precious
are these promises -- but why do I say his age,
since at all periods, life is equally uncertain. Maria
in her letter mentions the death of Mrs Anderson's
daughter Hodgson. Alford's aunt has so long lived
since the event I make no doubt she feels it
more, her long attendance during must have
rather increased than diminished her sorrow for
the time.
Maria has promised me a letter immediately
on her arrival home; I can hardly tell you how
long to receive it; I want to hear of all our
friends, for it seems a long, long while since
I received your last & now I know of Martel's illness,
it greatly increases my anxiety. I shall now Maria
is with you, hear ofteners of your dear family
sent to my husband & children, there are no
objects in earth so dear to my heart as those
beneath your roof. I shall particularly on all
your anxiety in the settlement of your children's
in life. I never felt for them as a mother
always shall feel more than an aunt.
You in Fanny's health, it is so dependent on the
tranquility of her mind, that I fear it is un-
fared by her anxiety about Martel.
You must find it difficult to send my
writing, I fear I shall never do better, but I will
try my best to teach my children to write their
motto -- I hope Maria is perfectly recovered
from her indisposition, she must like this letter
as an acknowledgement for both hers, for when I
wrote to one I wrote to both my sisters. My heart
will dictate a more frequent intercourse, then
my hands can find leaving to them, but as often as
Scanty will write a letter for a regular return
from B.-- My little friend Mrs C. is here today
& seated under one of the trees reading. The
girls have gone to church & Bayard is just
awaking from his nap. I ask Maria
the children talk continually of how last night
we were talking of her & they were unanimously
at they had to remember her by, but said Judah
I can remember her by her instruction here, can't
I remember, because that was the best thing she
gave me, I cannot love him Bayard awakes
& I must abruptly bid adieu to my dear sister
M. Blount
