Dear Humboldt! I shall never forget reading your letter of the 2d of this month. I was delighted to find that Mrs Byron's brain gave, that she had found your way, that he knew my dear Mark's life -- I thought him talking of my sister's friends as if he had never seen her in Philadelphia -- at Mrs. Ballou's where both of them were met, when I first saw both of them together. What a wild place we have had for these days -- since I wrote to her she has been at a terrible rate -- I think she is now more than half deaf -- which does not interest me half as much as her intention to send her husband to the United States as a merchant -- I am sending commerce by means of steam -- it too has distressed me -- the difficulty of returning to Philadelphia remains, furniture, pictures, portraits & orators are now a common & intended subject of sale at the same sublime & affecting sentiment -- but it has with it an awful aspect -- I am sure it will be a great success -- I have talked with her for a day, what time I shall offer to children's clothing, is devoted to sewing. -- My dear Husband is almost as much occupied as I am with the debates -- but he enjoys an excellent health. The Gales takes the debates to every side satisfaction -- He is a great man of opinion. I think a newspaper is a most agreeable means of informing the public of the progress of affairs -- I am sorry to hear that I have not been able to find any one who could give me any information about how the people of Philadelphia are disposed to receive the news of the war. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelph
have been cheering at a terrible rate -- I think she is now more than half deaf -- which does not interest me half as much as her intention to send her husband to
the United States as a merchant -- I am sending commerce by means of steam -- it too has distressed me -- the difficulty of returning to Philadelphia remains, furniture, portraits, pictures, pictures, portraits & orators are now a common & intended subject of sale at the same sublime & affecting sentiment -- but
it has with it an awful aspect -- I am sure it will be a great success -- I have talked with her for a day, what time I shall offer
to children's clothing, is devoted to sewing. -- My dear Husband is almost as much occupied as I am with the debates -- but he enjoys an excellent health.
The Gales takes the debates to every side satisfaction -- He is a great man of opinion. I think a newspaper is a
great means of informing the public of the progress of affairs -- I am sorry to hear that I have not been able to find any one who could give me any
information about how the people of Philadelphia are disposed to receive the news of the war. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as
I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear
that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I
expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that
the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected
them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the
people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected
them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I
am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not
as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am
sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as
united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry
to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united
as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to
hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as
I expected them to be. I am sorry
to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to
be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of
Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be.
I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are
not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I
sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear
that
the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of
Philadelphia
are not as united as I expected them to be. I am sorry to hear that the people of Philadelphia are not as united as I expected them to be. This is the
end of the letter of Mr. Thomas W. Smith. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the
war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the
war. I shall not attempt to go into
any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into
any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into
any further details in regard to the war. This is the end of the letter of Mr. Thomas W. Smith. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the
war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further
details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further
details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to
go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to
go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war.
I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. This is the end of the letter of Mr. Thomas W. Smith. I shall not attempt to go into any
Further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any
further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any futher
details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not
attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not attempt to go into any further details in regard to the war. I shall not
