Bloomingdale January 6th. 1812.
My dear Sir,
I have to acknowledge the receipt of five letters from you; one
was off Sandy Hook one from Liverpool, & three from London, on Sept. 30th, & the third of Nov. 9th 1811, the last of which I received the day before yesterday. As I am so far distant from town, I never hear what ships are about to sail for England, and this I trust will accoust to you sufficiently for my not having written sooner. But waving apologies I return you my hearty thanks for the entertainment which I have received from the formal of your packet of Sept 30th. The subject of painting is always interesting to me, and it becomes still more so, under your sun. I hope you will take a copy of the Egyptian Hieroglyphics in the possession of Lord Elgin. What you say of Mr. West delights me. I have something or other, felt for a long time, a strong attachment to that man I have often hoped he would visit America, that I might have an opportunity of seeing him. I saw one of his first pieces in Philadelphia, painted with as much care as Lord Elgin can take of his Athenian & Egyptian antiquities. Pray have there not been engravings made from some of his best Scripture pictures? If so, during your stay in England you will confer upon me a great obligation by making a selection of the best prints from Sacred History, whether copied from him, or the works of other great masters.— As for paintings, they are too far above the reach of my purse for me to think of them; but a collection of such pictures as shall pass the ordeal of Mr. West's judgment would be to me invaluable.— Your observations on the English customs amuse & gratify me. I say gratify because they are so minute. A traveller who writes for the public usually puts his mind on the rack to discover something which will surprise or astonish. But it is not prodigious or uncommon events which I seek. Your letter, are just what they should be.— You tell me of incidents in that easy natural way, which the incidents themselves occur to your mind. In case you leave England what
