route shall you take? Will you go directly to Calais or pass this Holland?
I know not what to think with respect to the differences between our government
& the English. I find the opinions of people in general seem now to lean to
wards the probability of war. I cannot but hope, however, that we shall continue
at peace. We have so long enjoyed peace that we know not all its
blessings. On the subjects of politics however, I cannot find anything new or interesting.
You doubtless see the American papers of a much more recent date than
that of this letter. Does it not amuse you to hear the observation which are
made on the state of parties in this country -- or rather does it not make
you ashamed that all the abuse & ribaldry vented in our papers should ever
meet the eye of a foreigner? Pray is there as much violence in the disputes
between the ministerial & opposition prints? -- It would I think be an interesting
subject of speculation, to trace the features in which the English & American
represent each other & those in which they differ? So far as the latter are derived from the former it would enable us to perceive the effects
produced by separation, and local circumstances. -- And when there
is a measure of other nations we should be better able to trace the progress
and influence of their respective peculiarities. --
But no more of England, let us now talk of America. I am afraid my
dear sir, you will not find my letters a source of great satisfaction in this
head, because I cannot give you those details with a correspondent in the
city courts. We live a very secluded life -- cut off from almost society but
our own. Mary Shaw spends the winter with us. We have at present
but one or two near neighbours, and my whole parish (excluding about
60 young masters & pupils in the neighbouring boarding schools) consists
of but six families. I have not (indeed not one of us has) been into the city
for three weeks. Every morning I spend in my study, & the afternoon when
the cloth is removed in reading to Mrs. J. & her sister. This is almost
my constant routine, & therefore since I have no company, nothing new
