present times, to preserve you from party feeling,
I am engaging in the contest, that are deluding
the world in misery & blood -- If my dear son, you
will unite with your profession, the choice of the
one thing helpful the poor part, which shall never
be taken away from you, you will fulfill the most
desires of your parents. That your fortune
may prosper this good by portion, is their daily prayer.
Sabbath Even & Man1.
Yesterday was a violent snow storm -- the vessel
does not set till tomorrow we have had a long severe
winter. A cold, & slight indisposition have prevented my
being abroad to-day -- Mr Brown has preached for me.
I hope you have long since this delivered all your
letters -- Inform Mr Button from me that Mr Judson, 2 of them married sailed for Boston
the 19th ult. 2 from Salem -- 3 from Phila. In the
course of 3 weeks we have collected upwards of
$7,000 for their support -- I am likely to have funds
sufficient in future to support them.
I wish you to send me by ship? Rand Parkman when
they return the No. 1 of the Celestial Review from No. 39 to this time
& continue to send them to me by every ship. I after wards also
the 6th. Observer, a complete set from the beginning to the
commencement of the year 1811, except vol. 7, which I have -- I think
you will find a considerable part of the jobs sold for me at Mr
Taylor's. I hope you have long before this settled my will with him --
I shall take the Panorama from April 1808 to this time in contention
once Mr Taylor will let you have it on and I hope you have delay'd
your letter to Mr Macaulay ask him if Mr Taylor has put him, or the
banker's offer of $100.00 for the No 1 he indeed will be sent to me
in decent sum money for that purpose for four years ago. Send me any very
popular new work relations or geographicals of the United States future Phil
Medicinal or well established with the Magazine for the purpose of list, which I send
him.
Lafford arrived from St. Haven on Friday -- left your brothers of friends, will
