Yale, Cambridge, New Haven, Dec 23d 1808.
Dear Parents:
As it is now my turn to write you I have found little time to do it, I received a letter from Bishop in sufficient time informing me that your letter was read I was very sorry to hear it & regretted the departure of Mr. Goddard as I was very glad to hear that you had read this fatal letter. I am sorry I began to fear it was lost. Eddie & myself are very well, I still contented I have not missed prayers but once & recitation, no once. The term has almost expired it was but 13 weeks. In my duties I have been thru 3 books in reading almost thru the 6th to the Epistle in Horace, to thru Epistle in the 5th Vol. Georaphy. Mr. Grimm did not take the Candills to you left for him to have him on a or twice, just before he left began to regretted him to order take them but he has not done it. I have not told him his either, I am sure nothing that will hurt us, & do not know what I shall do with it. I wish to receive some information respecting Harward college, I have not received a single letter from any of my acquaintance there, I heard Goodman, Ward Walker, & others, I have written a long letter to Goddard but have received no answer, I wish if you see him you would request him to write me, Ward likewise I wish to hear from him very much. I have not received a letter from him since I have been in New Haven. Barnes too is expecting a letter every day from him, I hope he has not forgotten me, I shall write him soon.
In Fairfield County a large pieces of stone were contained in it & lay scattered round a mile of miles, Mr. Silliman went with Mr. Kingsley to see a piece of this stone he applied a magnet to it & by its attraction found it to contain iron; the explosion was very loud, it was heard here in New Haven while the students were in to prayers, I heard it at the same time. I will try to obtain a piece of the stone of Mr. Silliman & keep it to bring home for a curiosity. Friday Dec 28th I again have found a little time to answer my letter for I have been engaged for a few days part in writing a 2d composition to use before my class. I am most anxious to get out of this place & to go to Mr. Valuel's house in the country. I have been to Mr. Valuel's house in the country. I have been to Mr. Valuel's house in the country. I have been to Mr.
