next month. It has been a very tedious job I shall be
glad when it is over. I had intended to have sent by the
Galen, the Copy prepared for you to publish in London
but it will not be ready till Summer. I expect a body
of documents will be published this Spring by Congress re-
lating to our manufactures, Exports & Imports &c. from
with the observations of Members of Congress on the pre-
sent act of the U.S. (which I expect to obtain) I shall
be able to add much valuable information even to
the present edition. This I shall do in Mr. I transmit
the copy to you, that you may secure the Copy right
in your own name I publish it in Eng. or sell it to
some bookseller (what will be better) for what it is worth.
You can confer with Mr Smith on the subject, I get his aid
in making a contract with some fair minded bookseller.
The papers this you have delivered all your letters of instruc-
tion I settled my act with Taylor that you will have sent out a
parcel of such books as I have here to fore mentioned to you by young Mrs.
Parkman. Mind, who understands are daily expected by their parents.
We have just heard from your brothers who are well. The fine spirits
Edward writes that he thinks of staying in N.H. another year. Of pursu-
ing general science afterwards of purchasing a plantation becoming
a planter in one of the Southern States. "Perhaps he intends to marry
some rich planter's daughter to get his plantation & progress in that
way. This imagination will be his only way to do it."
The newspapers which I shall send with this will inform you of
the state of our public affairs. We have high hopes that Genl. Long will
be our Govr. next year. I have no belief that our war hawks will able able
invade the country in a war with Great Britain nor do I believe that the President
really wishes it. I do not think that all the war talk & preparations are intended to
effect the election of Mr. Madison. The Henry Clay is a force intended for the
same purpose but it can never be got up. It will operate &c. from
motors. I shall send this by the Galen, who goes to Liverpool. You had
better write to a Liverpool Agent and send your letters by private
conveyance as you have only to think where they will go forward then is due.
I am your friend & am your friend till death. Don't let me be disappointed
Remembering by my friend Mrs. Alcott. Your friend & able to tell
all your friends who pray you will answer my letter. Do you think I am
not a man of character. Your name is on the list of the subscribers to the
