114
and necessity, also real estate; and when a
branch in debt, breaking financial things
necessity loans, it is too early to be able
to examine into the loan machinery and
to warn it, and, if necessary, not done in
refuse to recommend credit.
The court has considered some percentage old
be applied value, for a doubtful business or
believing crime & debt loan.
with an immense difficulty to an illin loan. Should
this hold out to trouble, or some Grants
do terminate a necessity loan business and
others a loan business & debt to Money
must use its judgment, -- to which its
credit not decent.
with such an individuality would be a license
for State trading of direct securities -- Should
during time of direct securities we had
loaned Merchant and of Charities, with,
reducing at 1/20 millions; Should we have
reduced loans, loans 3/80 millions &
more can loans ever 4/10 millions.
Elan set the appeal to him, -- that the
chief criticism was that we did not
have decided.
with such a line at that time direct
securities had use to successfully attack
as whether had not influenced
115
the state credit would have collapsed; that it
had been doubted even. Washington's legend
not a state credit
Elan said not apply to him, but said that if
his line remained as Merchant one should
have also must accidentally created
that even with ten Bds. refinements
and at that not have interested.
He said the Court no doubt in Million way
wanted a States credit, but as it had
never they could have successfully claimed
the Board was responsible for it.
with admitted freely in ten Bds. Credit
obtained credit & left them state their
case, and Elan said he applied with
him & that if any confidence should
conclude him safe to would never
leave him should until he confirmed
that he would breaking the case
market.
He was candidly informed at that
1/20 that a Million could it agree with
the loan securities of only three cents
who will building more than banks
of its case, and that with all his
was breaking securities for Millions
could the money.
