spurned the silly boys, a turned with loathing
from the cup of society.
Endued with a sensibility so deep, so keen
that trifles unnoticed by others, have been taken
to Piece - that even the sheltered glance of
affection has wounded their more deeply
than the sword of Brutus, did the father
that loved them - Their heart so keenly felt the
wounds undertaken - the friend's neglect -
the coldness of Love - the strong bitterness
of ingratitude - that sensibility turned
on it Self - Who he fabled serpent
stung himself to Death. - I have not read
the history of their life - but I learn
it from the effusions of their Muse,
has they not said
I remember when I had no great plenty
of worlds to lose, yet still to pay my court to
have what I had - a heart - as the world
gave me at it was worth in worlds for worlds
Rest one me those pure feelings, lost forever -
lost than not say. See Ch. H.
and where in what bosom, has turned a fonder
a a tenderer heart - had not those pure feelings
been outraged by the contagion of vice - had they
not as Thou hast Thyself said been lost forever
where would have been found - a friend now fallen
a father now doubled - A fond mother lost
her son - or never couldst Thou
have written such lines, as those that describe
Lavin's love infant - asleep taught by Divine
art feeling never could fancy have suggested
but affecting catastrophe of his wife -
Oh Lavin would not to be commanded, since
her love could not have thrown the
pay of being a father! - Oh fallen
heart - Thou hast known that joy - Thou
hast watched with paternal love the awaken-
ing of a beloved child - Thou hast gazed
with a parent's rapture on the beauties
of a child - & they pure feelings are not
forever lost! - No - No - they are dimmed
obscured - but they burn still within thy
bosom -
You say, "Some have accused me of strange designs
against the creed & morals of mankind."
And have you thus no such design - is it
true when you say "I don't pretend that I quite understand"
my own me among others would be every fine."
Alas! this is not possible - Do you have this
design - Fallen yourself you wish to push down others'
iron like the fallen arch angel - Or like a
fraud woman, who finding she cannot regain
theught & purity of virtue - and cannot
to persuade us, all would is the same - or that
desire is but a name - But it is not the late
rise - rise then glorious & sublime mind
retreat thy steps to after day - & he
our guides to heaven - instead of longer
behold among us in the flames of chaos -
in the cold vacuums of antebellation
