and impatient, and produce a division of opinion
amongst you, which you would not meet with resolution and
dispassion with spirit. From this, and this only, that
remained my bent to submitting myself to the judgment
of others. I have realized all that the ladies are to hope,
and pray for, without condoning me, on such an
occasion, for attempting to attain the value of the objective
you have espoused, and entertaining, ever to you, with
difficulty, a respect very foreign to it. If my sincere and
cordial praise do not give you pleasure, at any rate the
expression of it will give me delight, and I have at
whatever I feel most satisfied from viewing it as the dictate
of the understanding, or the offspring of the heart.
Imagine me, if I might -- at least till you direct otherwise --
well for by the interesting name of my best of friends. I
only can express all that I either feel or wish to feel and
if in the expression of my feelings, I am deficient in
veracity, let this address, which I wish always to be
implored, be but appreciated with it, and your sentiments
will justify any deficiencies.
Every word you have written to me shall be a law to my
heart. So precisely do my sentiments correspond with
yours, that I am sure that in the interesting concerns of life,
we cannot differ -- Yes, to Margaret the appeal is to be
made! -- Believe me, kindness, esteem, all the virtues which
her heart can elicit (and at that heart we should more?)
will be to constant companions the firm support, as they
are on her constant companions who I am about. He, I think,
will tell you that this has always been the case, and the
gay laughter she gave me yesterday on the receipt of your
kind letters, tells me that she considers in this intercourse.
Have I not but a slender portion of that which I am anxious
to give to you. I cannot feel a sentiment of reserve. If you
permit, I shall be tempted to trouble you again and again. In
the mean time I must say farewell, and in that final word
enthrone all those friends in Brunswick, to, without or confide
in, meet my love and respect -- and among them all, who
is more entitled to their esteem than Mr. Fitzpatrick?
Ever more Friends
Sam H. Smith
Wm. Fitzpatrick
