every day to give me a letter. As for reasons, that is not to
be thought of -- in both my dear sister, the sober and dis-
trustful mood of life, which I preferred & which I expected
is an impossible thing. Julia, my tender & affectionate
friend, is one of the happiest of women, & endeavors
to her as judicious kindness to make me as happy as she can
surrounded by every comfort which Timashew's influence
can procure. For both, & on both, I treat me with attention
but with that affectionate manner which shows that he
loves me for my own sake, as well as for his. Julia --
The whole family have gone to the Theatre. There in the
first evening I have spent alone since I have been in
England & before you, I am more pleased than if the room
was filled with company. I am still more so at home,
or more perfectly at liberty, than I do here. That Julia,
why I did not wait to go to the Theatre begged her not
to ask me. Today therefore, I was spared any disagreeable
disquiet, several persons died with no talker they expressed
why I would not be of the party, I only replied I was engaged
at home, which was the case as I have not had permission
to spend the evening with me.
I resume my pen, after a long & pleasant conversation with
my two friends & Mr Brown. It is near midnight & I am again alone
for a little while. All the little things I had to relate have been dis-
placed in my mind, by the discussion of more serious & important
matters. France will tell you of our delight when presented with
the hopes & admissions of our high favored expectations of the theater, of
our consequent multiplication & disfranchisement. It is not very
pleasant to dwell on our disappointment, or I do say nothing
more about it. The gloomy apprehensions, which for some time
had crowded my mind, are almost dispensed & I am more gay
than ever. The amusement which occupies the nearest interest of my
life, naturally created anxiety, & in the uniform quietness
I stood at home there was nothing to draw off my thoughts which
personally attend round one object. Here on the contrary there
is no time to think, but am for continually surrounded by thousands
& of sightfully companions. I am to you I never experienced more
whimsy & gloomy sensations than two weeks & two before I left
you, & ever here, until I was certain, that my friend was in the
army, I was tormented with the most cruel fears. We have wonderful
news, my dear sister, that you have not written, when they
have remarked, my sweet Hyattson was not quite well, but as I have
not heard from you, I must he so well again --
My friends have just returned from the Play, & they are talking
so earnestly about all they have seen, that I fear scarcely
wrote. I beg of you to let me hear from you -- tell me
a great deal about the children & how Hampshire was pleased
with her Globe -- good night -- I really can write no more.
