it was meant into this.
At present our family is very much
entirely by Mrs Blanchard from Boston. I found that in one day, he
had gained my best opinion -- He is a kindly, often affectionate
lady, & a heart too large to be injured by these objects, but which
extends itself to all mankind. -- To this cultivating disposition he joins a strong
mind, improved since he has read. He has travelled a great deal, & has gained an
extensive knowledge of the human character. He is on the very worst
he calls my brother, & I will call him Fajia. If I am ever so
fortunate as to establish his entrance immediately into your house, I shall
be a peculiarly happy in such a brother. -- It is to be the bearer of
letters to you on his return. If as there be can spend an evening
with you, I am sure you will think the chance said is just. Aunt
Manassas' health is very delicate, but her spirits every day gain the
divine way. If an enemy this we never have what would be a
company, we are seldom alone, Sister Lady & brother, Mary, Sara
Tom Smith & two Missions are our chief visitors. From Mr. Baker, &c
all, and this is quite a favorite & none of our papers, & hotels
every one of them he sends with us. James Bigard is now in
Union Island week spent an evening here. He told me to send a
letter to him if he would always stand them, I declined it as I
know would be displeased, but mention it as an unexpressed talent
on our occasion part. -- is for our fine fellow for reading & receiving
the evening of a quiet broken up & we have not got half
this one old yet. -- I began this letter immediately after breakfast
& intended to have answered tomorrow, but Edward Cole had one
so long a visit that it is now dinner time. He improved on arguing
his father died some time ago, & I never encore after his family,
the idea of their left falls their eyes with tears. -- Now amiable & engage
a tenderly --
18 January, 1899.
The pleasure of seeing E. Johnston, was as you may easily believe much
increased by your letter, for neither she might tell me more than your
letter did, yet she could not have convinced me that you thought of
me, a peculiarly rare hour to me. It was a week ago that she arrived,
was very well with a cold, but in good spirits & willing to
a chemical lecture from Mr. Smith, when it is sent for me: he carried me
over for it was impossible to walk. -- Having been constantly engaged in company, as she well understands
both party interest, who is extremely attentive to her. You said when
you wrote that you felt dull, I hope this is a transient state of
soul & that with returning health, you have returned spirit -- I
trust from all I hear that you are much better than when I left you
I wish you would write more particularly about yourself. I speak
truly when I say I do not envy you your gait, but am better
married with the other wife I had here. I was last night at a large
party at Mrs Jackson's & although every one was exclamatory what a
marriage party I would have given any thing to have been at
home, but during the fault was more in myself than the company
from whom were there absent to me to eat for them. when
1899 I went home I found her Smith, just returned from his office, wearing
a smart suit, after the business of the day, demanded this gay company, I thought
of him!
