the wife does to have it filled whenever you send it. She sends a stone hot which
the weather gives to get butter in, would any offer I have otherwise ventured
to purchase some tea, as it is very good & much cheaper than can be
bought out of the stores. Your banderhaven, a friend of Francis, has taken 2 boxes
out of her husbands ship, just from Canton & will let Hangt have it at the
without any profit, charging only the freight & custom house duties. Tea
I believe is scarce, & as this has just arrived, I think I may venture to
take some, as you can easily dispose of it, should you not want it yourself.
Send you a common fan, but could not get a you a handsome one.
Let me know my dear sister of any thing you want, however small or
however great, it can be no trouble to one who delights in serving you.
It is now one o'clock, I must go 2 look for a bonnet & by the time I come
home I hope to hear that Brother B. has arrived. Canada. This moment
sent for us to drink tea with her, but I have declined as I was there yesterday
at an exact Brother. I have if not prevented from using to set an hour or
2 with Julia after dinner, so I fear I shall not be able to answer your
letter, but I will try, tho' I should set up like it at night. This is what
Mr. W. will call a long letter I get I have not told you half I wish.
The powder is for Emma, & the biscuits, for my sweet cyttleton. Poor
B. Rutgers has just entered, & told us we were expected at second
river. I suppose we shall go in the cause of a week, but do not let this
prevent your writing as it is quite necessary. I am a letter I had from Jack.
He mentions that Mary & Susan are not to return with Sophia, as Broth.
gives them reason to think that you will be there soon. I have
just room to put in Francis love, & to tell you I send much more
than I can mention - Adam Adam - remember me to Mayne.
Wednesday November 7
I promise you my best attention to let you know how we reach
our journey and I would have written by tomorrow, had he started
long enough. My fellow fellow no travellers, far from being troublesome
and very agreeable companions, drove the old with such
unaccountable speed that though we overtaken James Betsy, he was
alone on his chair. I on neither request took the road.
He reached the old was very fine, I have watched trains
about London during time. I travelled about the house with
Julia all the afternoon, I intended not the house in math
an obvious way, but the evening made amends for this.
I drank tea with Mr. Bulger, where I met him to his
chief twin. I was asked to dig the night I found an agreeable
& comfortable lodging. The next day we reached
about four o'clock. I went with Sister, I returned
the same time with Mr. Bulger, I returned
the same time with Mr. Bulger, I returned
the same time
with Mr. Bulger, I returned
the same
