Thursday morning May 31st 1798
This a fort night today since I left Richmond & you have heard but one letter
from me this is really a strange thing for me but you will have the
reason & that nothing but my absence from here would have made me
so negligent. I returned on Tuesday from New Rochelle, where I spent 10 days
very pleasantly, the not quite so much so as I should have done had I not
been there. Sister has grown more affectionate from her absence, I love
her more than ever. I cannot describe to you the tenderness of her manner
to me, but they have penetrated my heart. We talked a great deal
about you & our other Round friends, whom she is very anxious to see, she has
done all she could to pray you a visit, but her father is too opposed to
her leaving him, that she must defer it some time longer, & even then
I know not if he will consent to it. He almost makes me angry, &
when I remonstrate with him, he says that outter friends can not come
to see her. Sister does not speak much of London, she is delighted
with her native country, that it engrosses all her attention. I was frequently
asked about you & Maria, & several desired to be remembered to you. I spent
one after noon with Mrs Bluntell & walked earth in the
over part of this grounds which wants nothing but the appearance of
wildness to become one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen. Hills
dales, streams, rocks, woods, plains, a large piece of water, & the distant
sea, all combine to adorn & beautify this happy place. Every thing
as yet in wild. The friendly Mannes of Ford & Morris, are calculated for
this spot. But were I to describe all the beauties of nature, which
are every where found in this country, I should have no room to
tell you of other things. Old Mrs & her Printard are very friendly to
me to stay a week or two longer to enjoy the fruit, but I felt impotent
to return to duty. & on the arrival of Mrs & Lady Printard
with their son however, I determined to return as Sister would no longer
