198
Dec 15. Monday.
Find us to St N at 10.30. Found Randall's much better
and able to go to the autopsy address.
Bertie and I took in our auto Miss Margaret Wilson,
Miss Boxen, and a niece of Mr Wilson, Miss Bradley
& Trunk.
I sat in seat 8 on the floor of the H.R., between
Dr Rubbin and Ray St. Baker, while near me were
Drusky, Daniel McCornick, Dr Barnet and others.
Mr Alderman delivered a most polished address,
with charming eloquence. He expressed thanks to
Martin Butler and Maggini. It was, altogether
a most brilliant and able piece of work.
Then went some stump in the address which I
think was excellent.
1. He said Wilson had a good mind but not Epic
that of Emmanuel Kant or the Justice Marshall
I believe Wilson stood above Marshall in intellectual
equipment and that his mind was capable of
the great work.
2. He intimated that Wilson could not accept
a compromise and that if he had (making
L. of N.) the world might be better today.
He in wrong last. By compromise we seldom
gained what we mentioned for essential things
199
in Wilson agreed to many compromises in the M.R.
c.g. Moskowitz-Mottie Root delegations at Bryan's
misfortune; he made compromises in the
versailles treaty, c.g. Shantung etc.; he made
compromises in the L. of N. at the invitation
of Lowell. East India.
What Wilson would not do was to abandon
himself under the false name of compromise,
c.g. act 10, the Lodge movement to which
denied any moral obligation of the U.S. to
assist in the Peace of the world. He went
so far even as to agree to Hitchcock's movement
that the U.S. should be its own judge as to
what state of facts constituted a moral
obligation, and he agreed to other Hitchcock
movements, which were all compromises.
3. He also said Wilson did not know how to
persuade, or to solicit support.
any one candidate in the history of the M.R.
would know how protergously absurd this
criticism is. There were several occasions
when the M.R. would have fallen in
line, had it not been for Mr. Wilson's
however of temperance, and in other cases
circumstances failing health prevented him from
