128
just what she thought of it.
Sil also said it made her very indignant to
see the writers of articles and books on President
Wilson to devote entirely to the President's life
matter like first class criticism, almost regarding
Wilson; that while she never saw him she had
no doubt she was a most charming, attractive
and refined woman, but that she left with
him, while filled with delightful characteristics,
and in it some of the elements of tragedy,
an old time in which she was married
to Sil; that Sil was a woman not only of great
personal beauty but as well, of deep intelligence;
that it was her devotion and care which made
it possible for President to finish two years of
office; that she was modestly devoted to him
and subservient to him every wish; that during
his illness at the White House he would call
on her at all hours of the day and night;
that he was never lessening under she was
write him; that, tired as she was she just the
directest orders to the nearest post to fail to
call her when Mr. W. asked for her; that they
were devoted companions, her consulting her on
every important matter, even official matters
129
it told her he thought her best Mr. W., just as
she was, was not in the class of Sil, as to
charm and intelligence, nor could she have
done for him what Sil was able to do.
Sil said it made Bette and himself very
indignant at her every line written slurred
over her married life with Sil, and that
in her book he would see that she had her
place in history she deserved.
They were delighted at this.
Sil B said her sister would never forget
her of Sil knew she loved Talmed matter
about her from artisti, as she would
not admit belief required in the matter.
Sil said her Wilson girls had treated Theo
finally, and that Mr. W. seemed to like her
also, but she could not understand him.
She was very bitter about David Lawrence's
book, and said that while at Princeton he
was at the Wilson house a great deal and
called on another by his first name.
It is said the President's book on
publicized had had many critical criticisms
satisfied or strengthened; that at one place
Lawrence he said WB. was Mr. Shipping merchant
(p. 244); that in a sense this was true as the
