88
in the morning she went to Baltimore and brought
back the death mask of President Lincoln. In all,
entirely Collett, except at very much. She said it
was not taken until a day after his death
and that, in any time, the existence of his
form had absolutely changed, and that she
had suffered the artist by suggestion and she was
delighted with the result, and that she might
make a bust made.
I have here a copy of an official letter
of Dec. 5. 1915, and half finished to give her the
original.
I also have here a copy of President Lincoln's
letter to me in President Lincoln's administration
of President.
She was very appreciative of my birth day
letter and I have here a fresh copy expressing
the veneration to the statue from Sherman and
addressed her to destroy the other.
I also have here Woodrow Wilson's Green letter; she said
she would be glad to hear me from him and I so wrote Wilson.
She said she thought the Adobo letter was
much more of an improvement of the Collett
item of favor and defended it.
She said she finally wrote the Adobo at the Collett's
89
and offered to take him into his hand for his
convalescence, and that he wrote a mail letter
on reply; that one day while calling on the
Graysen, the Adobo came in with Robert; that
he looked rather ferbile and asked towards
her very awkwardly; that he drew back to
the hospital and did not call on her; that
she left before he died pleading an engagement
to devote welfare her Collett; that the Adobo
wrote her a sweet note promising her on her
visit to the Adobo; that she saw him in N.Y.
and she denied there had been any obligation
saying of them had been and she surely
would have been present and would not
have stayed in N.Y.
[From other sources, I gather that the Adobo immediately
had a strictures, or some comparable, semblance
like that.]
I told her that when I wrote my book,
there would certainly be a chapter on her,
and I should bring out Mr. Lincoln dependent
on her and her influence over him.
She was very much distressed, and, very
modestly, brutally, in return to some statement
