50
to know that no personal dispute, if there were
any, would ever stand in the way of her
unbility, absolute loyalty to President Lincoln
and that decidedly some other cause on the
arrangement must be found.
WBW. Min said that Col. House was a very
appetable man, not of brilliant mind nor
of keen intelligence, but a man who she
vehement, intended to be loyal to the President;
but that she felt that her attention must
turn on Lincoln, unceasingly, turned her
head; that before President Lincoln went abroad
he was treated as if Royalty; that the
Brit. Govt furnished him with a fine house
fitted w. servants, at its own expense; that
his every transport was, as it were, cheap-
-talked into law; that when he came
came to Paris it became increasingly
difficult for him to realize that the
President was subservient; that his son
in law Ambroseon contributed largely
to his feeling.
* She assured with me that House's attitude
in District was opposed to Lincoln, and
that House and ambassador Jones hubbub
letters showed the condition of mind that
was in the
House was in.
I told her about Henry White's letter to
me and she was not surprised. She
said she desired him and appreciated his
loyalty, but the fact could not be gainsaid
that he was not a man of the first
ranks; that his relations with Clemenceau
and the other French delegates was such
that he was elected to be the "so-
-between" between Wilson, Clemenceau,
Lloyd George and the others on every
important matter, and that he was,
herbal naturally, intensely dissatisfied
when Wilson did not listen to him.
She said White took the view that the Wilson
should not have gone to Paris; that if he had
not, the Court could have accomplished
more by leaving to test the other Court that
they must exile the President, thus saving
him and her sake secretly leaving him veto
ruffelisme being might feel obliged to have
at least to agree to subject to his abdication;
while with Wilson current he had to give
a final decision on the shot.
She said she called in the White at Genox
51
to Washington, and that he would
not have been able to give the Court
* She said she had not heard from the
President since he left
