82
United States should go to war. But some
sentimental people had expected it and
brief disappointment, made a row. I do not
think there are many such.
I think Harney is coming again and we
must have another meeting.
Very sincerely,
Cecil King. Rice.
I may decide to put the original to Mr. Davis.
Feb 21. Tuesday
arrived from U.S. called 2340 S.S.H. - Letter said
they had gone away for the day but told him
to let me if he called us that they really
preferred me for dinner.
I went there at 6.45 P.M. Randolph said Bob Woolley
had seen Collett and asked him to write a letter to
Davis strongly indorsing him, and that he was
very much opposed to him. He said Collett wanted
me to tell him what she had better do.
I told him it was a very difficult question; that
I knew Davis was strongly for the repeal and for
admission at once, but that his Platoon had
put a ball and chain around his neck, under
which he was climbing and rather continually
tricking away.
83
Randolph said Davis yesterday, I think, had been put
in direct question as to his attitude in the League
and had replied tactfully reaffirming the
line. Collett, - which, in his opinion, made it
impossible for Collett practically to come out for him.
R. added that he felt sure Collett would have
a majority in the electoral college and that he
did not desert to win.
I omitted and that E. went to see Frederick
rally and had succeeded to his campaign
fund, - which certainly showed a most
kindly spirit towards Davis.
Then Collett came in and said Woolley had
forwarded him a draft of an interview along
the lines he wanted.
E. said she had told him she certainly could
wrote nothing without embroilment the
L. of Valence and he said he had no objection
to them at all.
She showed me his draft, which did not
mention the League at all. It was a most
falsehood colly of Davis, - represented him as
one whom Wilson always depended on for
advice and told him out as one on whom
Wilson would have been indifferent, saying
he would be in accord in all matters.
