156
attempted to put up his life and remain at
home; that Baker was completely deceived
and left the division asking 7. to come out and
finally could hardly be persuaded the latter
was a forgery.
Randolph said 7. will be glad, when him, a
memorandum numbered to be written by
himself, depriving his name, and it was so
perfect he believed it would have deceived
Wilson himself.
Wilson said nothing would convince him that
7. had not actually sent forged letters of proof
with him.
She said the whole house had a statement by
himself that the surgeon who operated on him
while charged him - a poor man - 2500 which
was a deliberate lie; that Dr Edwards
reburned the charlatan, and told him last Sat.
when writing him, that at 7's current request
he came to work - writes 2 assistants & operated
on him 7.; that he asked Dr Bryan if 7. could
afford to buy a respectable bill and he
said he was in joint circumstances and
could hardly afford it; that he attempted to
over and finally sent him a bill for 6000 - on his
attempt, a most remarkable bill; that 7. wrote
157
him a formal letter enclosing a check for only
300; that he called him attention to the error had
got no return; that finally he sent it to a
collector who collected the amount.
The shape of the French Ambassador leaving and
arrived what I thought of him, I said I did
not like him & she said she agreed with me.
She said when they left the White House
he did not call at S. H. on over a month,
although every other diplomat called at me.
She said the Jeffersons lived in Paris in a
small apartment on the 5th floor without
an elevator and that she informed they
must be in very reduced circumstances, but
that Henry White told her they were well to
do, and that the was merely French
street, as received letters with lived on the
actual value of apartments.
She said that the complaint that the cabinet chief
not have understood to deceive was founded
on the fact that the cabinet could not exert
and without resorting hundreds and that in
most laying hands there was great danger that
some one might steal or take from
4. official statements heard at dinner, when
