36
In Wilson's letter, after clearing up his Colleter
diplomatic ex heredit, from Algiers to
Paris, and clearing up the debt the country
owed him, and the objection his France and
Berlin always had for him, - and added:-
"Mr Wilson and the trouble shent these weeks
with me in the latter part of July and early
August, and it was a part that for me. Well
well many points connected with the Paris
ambasssion and the Peace treaty which I wanted
clarified etc., and it was wonderful how
clearly and successfully she explained them to me,
and with such a perfect sense of proportion in
rebalancing the really essential from the more
essential. She must have been of the greatest
assistance to the President during the critical
times when you were all together and when
you yourself were so ably helping him".
to this, he wrote which I will not repeat
"I am much interested to hear of your talks
with Mr Wilson about what I can not end
council till Treaty year, 1919, the whole of
which I spent in Paris in fruitless efforts
to bring any sort of room into the mind
of any French public mind which connected
37
with the conference.
Mr Wilson is, as you say, and as I ever
described after returning Paris, a remarkable
woman, with a great capacity for grasping
questions, however intricate, which are
brought to his attention, and with a
surplus of capacity for looking at them
from various points of view, and with
a singular fair mindedness.
I am glad she feels that I was able to
be of some use to her husband. Would
that I could have been of much more use!
But he had no idea of team work, or its
importance for a delegate to an international
conference, and, high as were his ideals,
he lacked capacity for dealing with men,
partly owing to shyness, partly owing
to his being rudely affected by an
antagonistic atmosphere.
Probably team work was impossible in
view of the relations between him and
Lansing before their departure for the
conference, and of those which afterwards
developed in respect of to Col. House.
But one of these days when we are in
Washington, as I see you are interested in
