120
to you when leaving home, I am very much troubled about
you - Charlie and Eddie - to think you both so in such
dangerous places, I am so disappointed I can hardly
wait until next week to see you. I did not think
you would ever forget one word of my earnest
advice to you even if I were ten thousand miles
away, every word of my advice should be so
stamped on your heart that I would be your
vision at all times when the Timesite comes
near, pray the great Lord be your director
until I see you again, and he surely will
but not unless you call on him at all times.
I have very little time to write any more
at present, but I say to you - my dear
children - keep out of boats and trains and be
kind and loving to one another.
also keep constantly together and be very kind
to George and Ned.
I want you - Charlie and Eddie to start for home
just before dark every night - only in particular
occasions.
If you don't get lots of sleep, dear Charlie,
instead of going to college you will be obliged
to go into a stock or do some laborious work,
such as barning, where you might excel not
121
so much needed.
Remember what I say - it is as true as I
say it - unless you leave this bit of land of
your life, this will surely happen. The
doctor says so too, so take warning from
your loving Mother,
A. G. H.
Wednesday
joint conference Even and Reflects
& Mr. Board millet with other Mpt Comrs of Iowa,
Bel wanted to talk w. Comrs about their feelings, phoned in
minutes of Chicago meeting, that an addition to the $100
million Iowa RR, which Marshall has been authorized,
the Comrs held auth. the Chicago, Iowa Stump, after
conferatin w the Comrs, to buy or sell 100 millions more
in case of any emergency requesting quick action. The Bel
want to acquire this, of course, but as Harrison no
convent of Bel had to be involved before acting
Gov S. said the Comrs intended to speak to the Board
about above lines, and Keller had indicated these
might be objections, that could not must be
ready in an emergency and if Bel would take
the responsibility of declining this authorization
he could be content.
Gov S. hinted out that in the near future Iowa
would be a contractor of Missouri of members
