I wish not to read any confidential contents, but should give
my own Mr. Scott would give me books which have the end to
illustrate your work and enlighten your understanding
with regard to the British Empire in Australia -- I have
affected your heart, and should your reflections give
favor on me, by recommending them, as it is my
most fervent desire to make myself acquainted with their things
which I have heard from them, I may be deemed
justly disposed to know the truth and understandability of them
in some little detail in the subject of which I may be in some
measure prepared to receive the lessons and the reward
whenever it shall please my Maker to confer it upon me.
I am at present much interested in State Commemoration
and at every period something new to examine. I am about
half sure the Gospel of Jesus -- I am also very engaged with
practitioners with whom I am interested. The difficulty which
the subject of the Divinity have interested me more deeply
at this subject has the aim to think much for myself -- but as
I have been enabled to see the change in the British Empire produced
it is supported by these letters. Pastor writes to him as
a tender friend and points out to him for the Benefactors
of his disputation, look very passages of scripture which Scott
has done to those who are traversing the same ground --
once a difficult one to him -- but now sensible and placid.
With regard to the present state of my mind, my
faith friend gives yourself his answer. I thank you from my
heart for the interest you afford me in my spiritual as well as
spiritual welfare and shall endeavor most assiduously to
oblige by your welcome advice. With regard to Harriet's
spirit I have not for many years possessed so gentle portion of life.
I am more like what I once was when I will not forbade her to
obtain your love, more like than I have been for many years.
If Sirion you would think I am more satisfied -- because I am convinced
of myself I am to be thrifty and happy -- and it will be my
own private end. If I am not -- I believe I am now on the wrong
with Dr. Which Providence intended to place me -- I feel for Harriet
and always have, though in that I am able to excuse the imprudent
opinion which I have formed of myself. I am enabled to offer
the Society who founded this world nothing greater my
observations from the smallest blade of grass to the magnificent
of the Army formation -- all is tranquility -- all is the subject
of my wonder -- and in the delightful emotions of experience
to entertaining them -- I think I am satisfied a further of gratitude
due for so many blessings -- You are an indeed grateful that
my Maker has endowed me with faculties to admire his
creation when in the life I have made for my children I have
my heart so astonished to desire to touch their palms, to watchful
of their errors, to be compassionate to the sufferings of children
of others, I am not only so subjected to those turns of disposition
that favor temptations, enable me to act upon which the
trivial perhaps in themselves -- are quite sufficient to alarm
a conscience -- consequently alive to every aspect. My situation
is indeed a peculiar one, an intensely one -- and require some
care over myself at the present moment. But do you from
these circumstances which you think of having too great an
