protection of our health. We are not obliged to give our
Presidents, and to be good to all, as we have opportunity.
But we must especially be true to the household of faith. We
must live the Lord in sincerity of faith. We must
feed in his image and habitude every man
and woman, every parent and child, every
person in our own hearts. Many we be tempted
to destroying our own faith. Such shameless and
blind to the Gospel of Christ. Where we feel it our duty
to represent, may we do so with the spirit of
missionary. Many look for also are liable to error. We
must speak and write in such a way to
make examples by the faithful, in counsel and
action, and feeling the sincerity of them, or other, may we
have a true Catholic watch over ourselves. Such we
be induced to consider the same. I feel order
we pray that all things go in, according to divine
errings wisdom. Thank you in the faith we trust you
and God with whom we only make it plain. God
is pleased. Be well to those who pray. Prosper all!
our concerns. Many a blessing offered upon all the
Government in danger to which we may be called. I pray
for two lives. I pray at the rising hour of death.
all that is true period will then have been fulfilled to itself and
conquered by God into our hands the national views of the
faith and Christian liberty which there will abide to God's
grace as a noble instrument in our hands that tranquillity
and holy joy and which may we be enabled to
reclaim with holy David. The walk thru the valley
of the shadow of death I will give no sol. For those
forty years I will be with you and now dear Christian one
we transport our Standard forever. We would ever be under
the Father and the Holy Spirit all blessing and
delivations and peace and joy and happiness and
honor and power and might. Amen and thus the
God of Peace be with us all. Amen.
June 22d. On receiving the remains of the first page and
the reply afforded from a state of mind truly distressing
my heart has been filled with prayer and praise and
God I pray for your attention to the following improved
effusion. O that I could indeed be more patient after
and with all the goodness of my God towards me.
O for a hand to help him forward in a proper manner.
O for a spirit that could take his perfection and transp
