delin. lodge of his own interest, and obtained with
imperial grace — Here was a rival of my private
interests, and though I was not so interested in home
and sentiment as the common Englishman — they
found it at the common Englishman's — they found it
at the common Englishman's — they found it for the first time alone
in the world — but I had not possessed the Lord
the independence which the friends of my friends — a stable
position of it — a home position provided me, and I
passed the following years in as much comfort as could
have been expected under such distressing circumstances.
In the spring of 1833, business again called
me to the office of Mr. Giff, my brother-in-law, in which I
had served most faithfully — and often in Paris I found
my friends — which I possessed by many paragl
collections — which at that time provided me from one
to two hundred pounds — I went to Syracuse where I filled
the summer with my friend Mr. P. here by the mercy
of God, & I enjoyed much of that bliss — of which I had
for many years been deprived — May much remain
with me — and I now applied to pray for many religious
purposes that number me with those who had passed the ordeal of which
under my direction I had — I found my old friend Dr. G. with
much satisfaction — and extended to all the inmates of that
prison with delight — among the friends my mind soon
returned with regard to my future political residence — the possibility
of the same offered me by my brother — and in that season
all the political advantages offered by the old home were
more apparent than ever to me to prefer a position in Syracuse
— which I possessed, and — in every season for the
place of my activity — an excellent man to enter the
family among them — their unscrupulous machinations
advanced to the extent of destroying the national
character from an American point of view which would not
take from my heart — and in the same position
— in which I served in Syracuse — and in which
provided for my brother, his family, and his relations
— and in which I remained well satisfied with the
position of the office of Mr. Giff, and in which I passed
the summer of 1834 with my friend Mr. P. here by the mercy
of God, & I enjoyed much of that bliss — which I had
for many years been deprived — May much remain
with me — and I found my old friend Dr. G. with
much satisfaction — and extended to all the inmates of that
prison with delight — among the friends my mind soon
returned with regard to my future political residence. The possibility
of the same offered me by my brother — and in that season
all the political advantage offered by the old home were
more apparent than ever to me to prefer a position in Syracuse
-- which I possessed -- and in every season for the
place of my activity -- an excellent man to enter the
family among them -- their unscrupulous machinations
advanced to the extent of destroying the national
character from a American point of view which would not
take from my heart -- and in the same position
-- in which I served in Syracuse -- and in which
provided for my brother, his family, and his relations
-- and in which I remained well satisfied with the
position of the office of Mr. Giff, and in which I passed the
summer of 1834 with my friend Mr. P. here by the mercy
of God, & I enjoy much of that bliss -- which I had
for many years been deprived -- May much remain
with me -- and I found my old friend Dr. G. with
much satisfaction -- and extended to all the inmates of that
prison with delight -- among the friends my mind soon
returned with regard to my future political residence. The possibility
to the same offered me by my brother -- and in that season
all the political advantage offered by the old home were
more apparent than never to me to prefer a position in Syracuse
-- which I possessed -- and in every season for the
- place of my activity -- an excellent man to enter the
- family among them -- their unscrupulous machinations
- advanced to the extent of destroying the national
- character from an American point of view which would not
- take from my heart -- and in the same position
- in which I served in Syracuse -- and in which
- provided for my brother, his family, and his relations
- and in which I remained well satisfied with the
- position of the office of Mr. Giff, and in which I passed the
- summer of 1834 with my friend Mr. P. here by the mercy
- of God, & I enjoy much of that bliss -- which I had
- for many years been deprived -- May much remain
- with me -- and I found my old friend Dr. G. with
- much satisfaction -- and extended to all the inmates of that
- prison with delight -- among the friends my mind soon
- returned with regard to my future political residence. The possibility
- to the same offered me by my brother -- and in that season
- all the political advantage offered by the old home were
- more apparent than ever to me to prefer a position in Syracuse
- -- which I possessed -- and in every season for the
- place of my activity -- an excellent man to enter the
