violated this sacred vow. Oh! let me never have to abandon
her, nor draw the Christian swords that would destroy
her. And how let discriminating angels watch for
the beat of disloyalty against all the hopes and the
guilt of my soul to the sacrifice, and when I find
themselves by or within by striking any of the obstacles
that has given to me to try to remove them
against myself, and the only one words can condemn me.
S.B.S.
This has been so much to me since
Corporal - and myself my only hope to be the founder
of this in my old personal affairs, and the spirit
of God in trust will be my guide for and through
in happy day transformation mankind in spiritual
hand of my life in which glorious mental
and earthly my glory and which hope is deeply
ambition. can the whole creation display the
joy of God's people here created Divine. The pleasure
with a sister expression divine too. The world in
all its splendor Christian but a mistake - while the
infinite God is my position.
God grant that this may be the prevailing
state of my mind. - that indeed make I be
happy - happy in the world - and happy
in the world to have - for that I do
believe to mingle with the spirits of the pure
prestige and be forever forever illustrious in
the sphere of freedom.
I have my heart dear, not deceive me in what I have
written -
Lord then Paul Archer and then me then
King are commands with firing guns
my riding and my resting hands
My pistol and steel with all their power
My thoughts before they are my own
Are in my God distinctly known
He knows the words I speak to friends
He knows my opinion in life they speak
within they consider forever I stand
He gives hide I find they stand
Agreed, a loyal heart above
I am surprised able with God
Some day knowledge, vast and proud
Will be large enough what lofty height
My soul with all the power God best
Is in the Grandson's position full
In many other thoughts I possess my heart
Whence I rise - where I rise
For let my brother politician there
Consent to sin for God in here.
The and the following hymn I have my will
from Delightful this day - - may these sentiments be
ever present with me.
Beset with prayers on every hand
Do in Jesus an certain faith I stand
Spiritual divine! depart thy light
To guide my individual soul step by step
