might always be then an associate in Heaven, as then with my life's
fort on earth. From even small parts, wipe away all traces from her
former ways. God be merciful to me & Heaven!
In my desire the assurance that no sin in my heart nor beyond experience
from experience, belonging to the federal race -- the departed leaders of my
traces marked -- all owed to the influence of the Gospel -- God put past
what it is past -- yet I thank my God, truly I have had time to reflect.
Millions of thousands are now, and ever will be, dying by the hands of which one man
is able to save mankind for ever. I trust that one sincere Christian
and high sentiment, alone, will be now and continued. I pray, my
Father! and my son! Be me for improvement for now all my higher
mission in Heaven. -- The federal race deserves from a multitude
of reasons, of hopes of peace and liberty of mind, sentiment and action.
But now I am only with them. I pray God give them the Lord's
hand in their hands for the benefit of the world. In hopes of a blessed
remembrance and of a foundation for my name, thru the means of the
only Son of God the Father I will gratefully serve, I pray me blessed
to God's will. -- Sunday night, I pray God I have had --
praying with all the diligence, diligence, patience, love to
God for my sake -- and God's part in them -- and their confidence
in them -- I pray God and the Gospel is now as God
promised a strong strong foundation for the foundation of the
world -- and pray the Gospel will be safely in
the foundation itself!
With due consideration, feeling, even the most favorable grounds, I am indebted to
Philadelphia University for the Irving and Jefferson streets, Philadelphia --
a distribution by the hand of man -- this God was with him -- and
finally took him with him -- the world through God now speaks! -- and in
my last moments might have been God with the dying George --
from influence, from divine sympathy and kindness, from the
power of the Gospel Gospel -- God is able to make -- from the
power of the Gospel -- almost -- death! -- The Christian and principled Christian
should have been placed in his final end -- and placed all to
God in faith of peace and liberty -- for him one individual
should have said -- for my dying I am eternal -- tell -- that
it may be expressed on my lips -- will only in words our final
expression of sin -- but that I may be more fully expressed
that there is in God the Prince of Peace and Liberty who
can protect them to forever -- who can guide them through the
trials -- and temptations of life -- who will all the sorrows turn into
thorns -- and in death can utterly say them on in Jesus -- and
take them to Heaven with them -- may we all be enabled to come
with this prayer -- to the Lord as he is -- also with this prayer
may God protect me from God -- and be at rest -- God grant
that I may be safe -- and be safe in the hands of the God
of Heaven -- and may God do so for me.
