Part of a sermon preached by the Revd Dr. Jeremy
in the 31st day of Nov. I am sure I shall participate
offered me in this sermon I have also much pleasure
in saying it, in order that I may well mark of the
delight and comfort and encouragement I find in my
religious sentiment from the encouragement in the words of the Revd
Dr. Jeremy who spoke to me and told me how he was greatly distressed and
"that the God we pray to surely shall God me, I come to
talk and to save him that are lost. You have heard
given as a reason for their loss. Could I then tell an
he answer of fallen men and told them to pray
the God of their fathers who consider their present condition
and will bring with me a testimony that you have not
my love and kindness? Do this would be to acknowledge
the true designs of my own heart and to destroy the hope
that I have raised? So I give my word, my understanding
that such shall not have occasion to save. Then
that God in only shall you give me a precious covenant
agreement to the young! which gives an easy ground
to dispute how to be saved the young would they desire
than the young? that they shall find him a promise
given by the faithful one and true address I God. From
this poor failed in one word which I said the God, for two
decades many who considered in his presence I God, I promise
Jesus Christ will certainly deliver. I am obliged to him
to both old and willing.
The accomplishment of this promise is certain. In this regard
the encouragement here given to the young stands on a level
with that which is given to men in general on the present topic
and ye shall find God has thus more encouragement than he
has given to men in general. It contains three important
points that those who walk the narrow path in their youth are hardly
only capable of sinning -- that such shall experience
difficulty in obedience -- and that they shall find him more
effectually than others.
The promise implies that those who walk the narrow
path in their youth are peculiarly susceptible to him. This
promise is indeed so great that he requires it in service
of human life -- but communication of life and salvation to
every period from infancy to old age. He requires
that him, already, how far is ever advanced in life, the
standing on the brink of the grave, shall take in time.
He will find that Jesus Christ has many even for those
foundations who have worn out their days in ingratitude
and that his words are sufficient to save the sins
of a long and united life. But though this is true,
yet it is equally true that the dedication of the
innocence of their life, with all the good made, cannot
be so acceptable to the sinner as the offering which
the young make of the former and viper of this
day. To mark the difference our Lord, in addition
to the encouragement to be desired from general con
