against thy self with God.
If thou ever let taste his wishes.
Admitted once to his embrace
Thou shalt forever that thou wast blind, before
Thine eye shall be unobscured & thine heart
Made pure, shall not be with divine delight
Is thy unfeited, what hands divine have wrought
Conspire.
Thou art the source & centre of all minds
Their only point of rest. eternal Word!
From thee departing, they are lost & none
At random, without honor, hope, or peace.
From thee, is all that matters the life of man
His high endeavour & his glad success
His strength to offer & his will to serve.
But oh! thou bounteous giver of all good
Thou art of all thy gifts, thyself the crown!
Give what thou canst, without thee, we are poor
And with thee, rich; Take what thou wilt away!
It - finds
Happiness! who walks with him! whom what he
Of flavour or of scent, in fruit or flower
Or what he views of the beautiful or grand
In nature, from the broad majesty of the
Is the unseen blade that twirls in the sun
Crowns him, with remembrance of the present God,
His presence, who makes all so fair, - forever
Makes all so fair, forever, As with him no scene
To weary, do with him, at seasons please
it.
Romans 5th chapter
Abraham believed God, & it was counted
to him as righteousness -
What did he believe? He believed the
Promises of God, he believed in them
against all the dictates of experience
or probability, that in his seed all
straitness should be loosed - even when
he had no children & his wife was
advanced in years - yet he believed
that God, even contrary to the established
laws of nature, could & would
fulfill this promise -
Farther to test his faith in
the promise - God required of him,
to sacrifice his only son - and so
strong was his faith, so entire
his trust - that he did not hesitate
to obey - and it was because
he believed the promises of God
that it was counted to him as righteousness -
Faith, then in this passage
simply means confidence &
belief in God. - Have I this
faith? - Seeker of hearts, thine
innocent that I have! - Yes, I believe
in God, I love, God Almighty, creator
of heaven & earth! -
