5th verse. But to him that walketh
not, but hekine in him
that justifieth the ungodly, his faith
is counted for righteousness."
This is dangerous doctrine, &
where practiced on, must lead to
immorality. How often in life
have I witnessed its effects, where
preceptors of faith, have yielded
to sensual indulgence, & unjust
conduct, trusting that faith in
certain abstract doctrines, or in
infanted righteousness, was sufficient
for their salvation -- But this
passage is so much at variance
with the whole tenor of the
Gospel -- with the very words of
Christ, who insists so constantly on
the observance of strict morals &
obedience to the commandments,
that I cannot but believe it
is incorrectly translated. Paul
is often obscure -- Their is great
ambiguity & often absolute contradic-
tion in his writings -- Is this the
case in the original? -- or only in the
translation?
James, chap 2d, says "we find in opposition
-- to this doctrine, where he says
"What doth it profit a man my
brother, to say a man say he hath
faith & have not works? can faith
sense him?"
If man so faith, if it hath not works
is dead, being alone.
"Then believe that their is one god -- there
doest well -- the devil believeth & trembleth."
The deduction from this is plainly, that
faith with out works, does not justify as
more than it justifies the devil.
James in this chapter is evidently arguing
against the dangerous doctrine taught
by Paul & to do this more effectually
he illustrates his argument by the
same example, saying
"I was not Abraham our father justified
by works, when he had offered Isaac his
son upon the altar? Neither now have faith
eright with his works & by works was
faith made perfect -- And the scripture
was fulfilled which saith, Abraham
behaved in God & it was implied to
him for righteousness -- & see how
faith by works is man is justified
& not by faith only."
After examining, 1 & Paul & 81 James
on this point, my mind is convinced
that James is nearest to the truth as
tought by Christ -- It is indeed far more difficult
to practise -- but it true -- I must conclude by stating
who is there, that does not believe in God --
