On Faith & repentance.
Now, if Faith, is in any degree,
dependent on our convictions, must not
those convictions themselves affect the
capability of making them even-
tuals stronger in the time of health
when the mind is clear & sound, than
when it is debilitated or deranged by
disease? If we seriously apply our
most vigorous powers to the investigation
of any fact or proposition, is it
not certain that we shall obtain a
true result, than when we use for
the same purpose weakened & disturbed
intellects? Why then hope for clean-
er & stronger faiths, on a sick bed, than
on the fullness of Health?
Faith, as defined by the Church, being
a belief of certain abstract doctrines, can
be produced only by an intellectual process
being an aspect of the mind to the truths
of these propositions. This aspect, or convic-
tion of the mind, must depend on the force
of the evidence which supports those
doctrines. If this evidence is not suffi-
ciently strong to produce this conviction
the mind cannot render healthy states
receptes it.
And will the Creator punish his creature
for the oppression of his wisdom & honor, for
making use of the noblest faculty within
which he had endowed him?
Certainly not -- It must blasphemy to suppose
he would --
It is then, that Truth, or that aspect
of the mind produced by the conviction
of the understanding -- by the exercise of
sound reason, that alone can be acceptable
to our Creator.
And this Truth, cannot be the offspring
of a debilitated or deranged mind.
Consequently a sick-bed is not the
place where one can successfully carry
on this great work.
Infirmities however are continually
recursing, & continually pointed by ministers
of the gospel of individuals who cannot
unbelieving during a long & healthy life;
2 who became true believers when brought
down to the bed of sickness.
This is easily accounted for. A man
and his dissatisfied mind longs for peace
& an amicable companionship, a quiet
peaceful life aspect to a less degree
a force of evidence than is necessary to
produce conviction on a strong ground and
added to this cause is another -- The
unwholesome fear -- The dread, the anxiety
