Hymn by thought
Alas, how changed that lovely flower
Which bloomed & cheered my heart,
Fair, fleetig, blessing, of an hour,
How soon we've called to part!
And shall my bleeding heart arrange
That God, whose ways are love?
Or vainly cherish anxious pain
For Her who rests above?
No - let me rather, humbly pay
Obedience to his will
And with my innocent spirit, say
The Lord is righteous still.
Why should I use my heart, or fast?
No more she'll visit me.
My soul will mount to her at last,
And I her face shall see.
Prepare me, gracious Lord to share
The bliss thy children prove,
Who round thy glorious throne appear,
And dwell in perfect love.
Her faith & patience, love & zeal
Must make her memory dear
Do thee on board the prayers fulfill
The offer'd for us here.
While she has gained - we losers are
We miss her day by day,
But thou can't every loss repair,
And wife our tears away.
January 1832
Then art gone my Susan - gone from thy mother's sight - from all her watchings of love & fear - I can do nothing for thee, oh my beloved one - no, not even press thee to my bosom - these arms in which thou hast lain - are empty now. This room in which for the last two months, I have lived alone with thee - for thee - feels lonely & desolate - thou art not here! - Oh where art thou my beloved? art thou near - cannot thou still hear, still love thy mother? Sometimes I feel as if I were so - thou again methinks thy fine'd a happy spirit - far beyond all knowledge - all communion with those that remain on earth - Our Jesus, has prepared a dwelling for thee in his father's house, in which are many mansions - but in which of these doth thou dwell? - Many mansions! what does this mean - Consequence does not enlighten us on this point - a future existence of reward or punishment is all that is clearly revealed - Yet, I vainly try to penetrate into this unknown state of being & am lost in conjectures concerning the present condition of the liberated soul - One blessed conviction I have that my soul is happy - happy to eternity - that her felicity is no longer subject to the changes & imperfections attendant on all earthly felicity - Her fate is fixed - never again shall she endure the sufferings & tragedies which are felt while the soul is imprisoned in its tabernacle of clay - Oh! these sufferings! how did they tear my many vitals! & sometimes think I suffered more than she did - Her mere bodily pains - but mine, were greater than hers.
