language 2. Debauchy, so disorder the spirits
2. Defects, as to destroy their natural
feelings. - Aversion, love, hope, fear, anxiety
2. Indifference, are as much influenced
by discipline, as memory, unfortunately
2. Inexperience. Is it then the state
of our affections, under such an influence,
that it is to decide our eternal happiness
2. Success? - Certainly not. It is the
state of our affections in their natural
2. Inherent spiritual exercise, for which alone
we are responsible, 2 which therefore
2 alone can affect our future condition.
An indifferent two 2 a wholly indifferent treat, in
God - an absolute submission to him
2 a sincere, love 2 reverence,
for him, in the midst of the intolerable temptations of life, when we are
most susceptible of the attractions
2 pleasures, most under the influence
of the passions - under the temptations
2 temptations to sin, and to mere indulgence 2 to
2 to frivolities of temper, is certainly the
most of men a stranger, men prone,
2 prone devotion - Their duty that can
2 Possibly be evinced by a few creatures,
who turns his affections to his creator,
when they can no longer speak told
of the eventment. It is in health then
that we can best cultivate that disposition
of the soul that prepares it for its
2 great charge.
This humanism is not what is generally meant by preparation for death,
2 it is, 2 thing which is far less under
our own control, is designated by
this term, 2 that is, our faith. Now
in the common application
of the word, it means a belief in,
or aspect of the mind, to, a certain
sort of abstract doctrines, varying in
different churches, according to the peculiarities of councils of Bishops 2
embodied in what are called Catechisms
2 Prophecies of Faith.
The Roman 2 Catholic 2 the
Protest Church, creed, 2 systems of Faith, vary
in important points, united by both
parties to an agreement, to salvation.
These two grand divisions of the Christian
Church, are each subdivided into numerous sects, who equally divide on
the exclusive truth of their respective
creeds, which creed constitutes what
they term Faith, or that principle
which is absolutely necessary to eternal
happiness. The enquiry at present
