of thy wings. my soul melteth for re-
newal - strengthen me exceedingly unto
thy word - Give me understanding, then
shall I keep thy law; yea, I shall observe
it with my whole heart - incline my
heart unto thy testimonies - Establish thy
word unto thy servant, who is devoted to
thy fear - For, thy word is a lamp un-
to my feet & a light unto my path,
The entrance of thy word giveth light.
It Smith understanding unto the simple
and great peace have they that love
thy law; & nothing shall offend them
Order my footsteps by thy word, & let
not any iniquity have dominion over me.
thy word is true from the beginning: &
every one of thy righteous judgments
endure forever - I rejoice in thy
word, as one that findeth great spoil
3 thou art near oh Lord, & all thy com-
mandments are truth - Concerning
thy testimonies I have known of old
that thou hast founded them forever
& therefore I esteem all thy precepts
concerning all things to be right; there-
fore I love thy commandments above
gold - yea, above fine gold.
I thy testimonies are wonderful, &
Therefore doth my soul rest on them.
let my soul, & him 2 it shall praise
thee 2 let thy judgments help me.
I have gone astray like a lost sheep -
seek thy servant - let me not forget
thy commandments. Question me oh
Lord, according to thy loving kindness!
My soul would keep thy testimonies
for I love them exceedingly. Lord - all
my ways are before thee;
let my supplication come before thee,
deliver me according to thy promise -
let thy hand help me - for I have
chosen thy precepts - & I have long
-ed for thy salvation & thy law is
my delight - give me understanding,
& I shall live - Then shall my tongue
spake of thy word. My lips shall utter
praise, when thou hast taught me
thy statutes.-
- hear my voice, according to thy
loving kindness - oh Lord question me
according to thy judgment -
Unless thy law had been my de-
lity, I should have perished in my
affliction - Thy faithfulness is unto all
generations - thou hast established the
earth & it abideth - They continue to
this day, for all one thy works -
Forever oh Lord, is thy word set-
-tled
