more respectable, would resemble a lumber room,
fielded with men of strong principles - strong nerves - good minds
of women, thoroughly well engaged with mechanical
science and furniture & the more humble implements
of domestic utility. These men and women
should be distributed into one common department.
Volley - artillery - to the women or any one
else. - Women - ought to be differently
educated. They ought to be obliged
to study as hard as gentlemen or men. The system
of female education, if not so extensive, ought
to be equally as solid. - Instead of which,
a mere smattering - a word with out ideas,
the ornaments to the substance of science
are thrusts scattered over her mind, & left
without future career cultivation to
grow up at random - a great part of
her time is devoted to needle - drawing - dancing
companies - what is left for study? - At present
fiction & fiction for education is pronounced
unfitable & Meas - is introduced into employ.
This fare well to all opinion employment
of the mind. The interests of science are
felled into useless reading of the highest most
disreputing kind. -
Born with a passionate fondness for reading -
I may have with it, for from my recollections which
carry me back to the age of 20 years. Sam once
this taste was never influenced by another cause;
the struggle for existence in my youth like, it has
been opposed to circumstances & to friends actions
when I lived - From then with this passion, what
adherent character myself have been, had
it been turned to good account, I have also
conducted my education. Had I been a boy &
had conducted regularly through the paths
of science - how much more useful - how much
more profitable myself I have been! But
as a female - this taste left with out cultivation
it was strong & vigorous enough to influence
my whole life - In his influence been dangerous
I fear not. It easily gave me a disgust
to the common common objects of female industry
by separating me from my companions who
were thus engaged, it helped their good will -
Had this taste been cultivated - trained, supported
& directed - it might, like a flowering tree
have born blossoms & fruit - I wish to believe
that has been a strong & thrifty plant I have left
it myself, shot out in every direction with
branching branches, yielding
