So, as we rode, we talked -- and the swift thought
buries itself with laughter, tingened not
But flew from brain to brain.
Shelley --
got new despair itself is mild,
Turn at the arms of waters are;
I could lie down here in a land of death
And midst away the life from
Which I have borne yet must bear,
His death like sleep might steal on me
And I might feel in the warm earth
My cheek grow cold -- and hear the sea
Beneath our dying brain at last monitory.
Weak men despicate women
This ever rail their tongues at female judgment
Who want that with which most female live
The good & wise, more just might assert
That to our arms for sorrow came, refusing
Their canes on our kind wishes & fonds no comfort
Like here who joins to methods, friend & wife.
Allegro
every man his own.
Could I win him --
May not all the men
And has not each man his prince
Those who choose to pay it? It
A tribute of uniform matter part
Mr. Shelley died, it seems, with a volume of Mr. Thrale's
poetry grasped with one hand in his bosom! There
are two out of four poets, patriots and friends, who have
invited Italy with in a few years, both of whom
have been soon hurried to a more distant shore.
That did not flourish; and yet his infelicity had years
too many! To anchor had blighted the tender bloom
that enshrined a fact in which youth and genius
strive with beauty. The shaft was speed -- venal, and yet
venomous, that drove him from his country, with
riches, henny for companions, that followed him
to his grave. And yet there are those who could triumph
on the faded flower men to whom breaking hearts
are a subject of ornament -- who laugh, and over
the silent urn of Genius, and play out their game of
venality and infamy with the crumbling bones of
their victims! Is this band of immortal a third has since
been added! -- a mightier genius, a mightier spirit,
whose inherent impatience and Achilles-like pride
only Death could quell. Greece, Italy, the world,
have lost their first hero; and his Death has spread
a wider gloom, and has recorded with a deeper and
