than has waited on the obsequies of any of the many
great who have died in our remembrance. Even doubtless
has been silent at his tomb; and the more generous of
his enemies have fallen into the rank of his mourners.
But he set like the sun in his glory and his orb was
greatest and brightest at the last; for his memory is
now consecrated no less by freedom than genius. He
probably fell a martyr to his zeal against tyrants.
He attached himself to the cause of Greece, and dying,
clung to it with a compulsive grasp, and has gained a
niche in her history; for whatever she claims as hers is
immortal, even in decay, as the marble sculptures on
the columns of her fallen temples!
Since he shows wisdom most, and most
envy, envy misery
to love is happiness, to hate is woe!
And while such actions as deserve to win
the hearts of all, make it well with men.
You cannot find worse faces, than those on Justinian
is
The love of authors for their intellectual offspring, has
often as powerful an influence on the emotional
affection of nature; 2 perhaps is a more obvious
satisfaction. He moves himself, and fails him, the author
is capable of the greatest efforts at most painful
concessions -- health -- wealth, pleasure in every
form -- even love itself. The latter when
thoroughly opposed he finds himself for performing
he was severely tried -- Two beautiful and moral
objects intended for the best. Years, which I
tender, it required a most powerful motive to
enable him to resist his own feelings -- the
charm of beauty. "I was then twelv years" my
friend found myself like a child with the most beautiful
woman in the world -- Her trembling hands clasped
in mine "I may say, her fine eyes were fixed like
inflamable flames upon me." Perhaps he
spent I made over myself was paid for my
hand, and my heart could expressed without degrees to
the socialist's enthusiastic words -- I was just ready
to yield. But the fate of my work depended on
my decision -- on my choice -- on the ultimate sum of my
fort fortune -- And the alternative of failure
or complete neglect was so vividly present to my
mind that this enter -- this old one became
with which I was opposed."
