procure the assistance of a great many different persons, each
taking a separate department, and being well paid for
executing his part faithfully. This plan cannot be fully executed
in a week or a year, but whereas at present I am compelled to
manage all the departments alone, and nothing great, therefore,
ought to be expected. The man who is compelled to read such a vast
mass of miscellaneous trash every week as I am obliged to do
to make interesting selections, is not in a very happy
state of mind for collecting the power of his mind for original
composition.— As we proceed, I shall throw off a great deal
of the most laborious part of the business on to Subs. I am
getting Mr Tracy into the way of collecting the Ordinations,
Marriages & Deaths, and arranging them for publication.
When he gets used to this, I shall set him to preparing tables
and Statistical statements for The Register, a head
which will hereafter uniformly appear in the paper, and
as it I shall give a vast variety of interesting statistical
is. I intend to give the the and complete and complete list of Ordinations & Deaths of clergymen, which can be found
any paper in the country; and at the end of every quarter
or every year, I shall make out an alphabetical list so
that any man can conveniently refer to it hereafter and instantly
find the information for information. This will give
the paper character.—
With the blessing of Providence, I have no doubt of
success. — Finley is in good spirits again; not because
he has any prospect of business here; but he is dreaming of
the gold mines of Mexico. S. F. M.
No more letters from Richard. Several names have
come in without solicitation since I wrote you last.
I believe I have never mentioned a circumstance which
will be interesting to mother. The house in which I have my room is
the one formerly owned and occupied by Dr Rodgers and still the property
of his son, No 36. Pine Street. My room was the Doctor's study.
The associations are very pleasant.
Remember me affectionately to Lucelia, Susan Walker,
Danny & Rip little Sue and baby Charles for Uncle Eder. Hope Charlie
will get well through cutting his little tooth.
Your affectionate Son
Sidney Evrone.
