New Haven May 28th 1827
S. D. P. Morse Esqr
Dear Sir
On my return from
New York, I received the official notice of what you
had previously informed me had been done by the
Academy in regard to myself i.e. that I had been
elected an Artist of the Institution.
I did not think it worth while to express to you
my mind on this subject, at the time when I saw you
in New York, but after mature reflection, finding
my instinctive feelings confirmed by sober reason, I do
not hesitate, confidentially, to make them known to
you.
From the first I feared you would not easily
hit upon a plan in the organization of a
National Academy, by which you would enlist the
feelings and estimation of Artists generally, residing
out of the City of New York. The only mode of doing
this I take to be, a judicious conferment of the honours
of the Institution wherever they are merited. The difficulty
by which I apprehended, was, that you would confine
your election of Academicians and Associates to resident
Artists, and that, from a laudable desire to maintain
the importance of the Honorary Membership, none
but a few Artists in the country, of the highest standing,
could be consistently united with you as Members.—
This would many respectable Artists be excluded
from the only marks of honour or consideration, which
can be valuable as coming from a body of men devoted
to the same pursuits as themselves, some of whom
perhaps of no greater attainments, though adventitiously
advanced to the grade of Academicians.
I say these are the only grades which are objects
worthy of the consideration of a professional Artist
and why?— Because the customs of Society, and the
relations in which men exist to one another in the commu-
nity as men, are such, that no one whatever may, be
his attainments will consent to a connexion with an
Institution in which he is publicly classed in the lowest
of many grades as those you have established.—
However just the discrimination may possibly be,
it is a thing at which the self-love of every individual
will revolt.
97911
