Dr. Couch
Have just received a letter from Mr. Roland expressing the elements of
Georgian you are preparing for them - they say, they are daily expecting
a part of you out from me - I have written them this morning, my
content to their publishing the proposed agreement, but their
agreement to their publication of the proposed agreement, but their
agreement to their publication of the proposed agreement, but their
duty to make a second bid of books is quite to press upon rights to be
paid. It is payable as in the 1st. page with or without purchase
as is given in the other contract proposing that several words
of this page be given to illustrate the use. I must beg you to let
it go as to press as I shall have some other things to add - We must secure
often respecting this book the large part for which I am now writing
a prospectus - I will send out his Agents immediately. I think
you will come to N.Y. without fail on Saturday this week in the
Steam boat which goes to N.Y. - I stay as long as you can -
We have many things to talk over & arrange Let Rich. take
care of one paper.
This morning received your Rich's letter of the 21st. which I answer
in two words - Mr. Bacon is absent on a visit to Andover
ville We have given him a pretty unanimous call to settle
with us - Hope & expect he will come - I will enquire
if Dean set you an address from one of the students in Albany
We are glad to hear from Rich. & expect in your double inspection
that you are likely to realize all your expectations of the paper.
I am glad you are b. Stafford, giving my aff. & regards to him & hope
he will be
It is no disappointment to me that you both declined taking
the Georgians - I think I can turn them into cash in due time -
Until then you must wait, as I can no more than meet my
bank payment at present - If Ed. will give me another
on Blake for the 100 Georgians in his hands - I will give him an
order on Converse for 1000 - The 150 copies of the Atlas
despatched as recently with Bill, were long ago released by his
letters & I hope to be taken out of his hands - Converse gives the
Georgians bound at $11.50 each - which I suppose leaves you to receive of
him 1,377/8 according to your contract - With leaves $1,050, to be used
from him according to your contract - The 2 books together with your
consider what he has given me as cash - he can must consider
it as a cash sale & settle it as you do other cash sales - You
may allow him a credit say 1000 - I may get his note & cash around
at the bank - The increase of your sales for the Cob. will now
enable you to move easily, & without depending on any other resources
- Print Rich. may not fail in due time to go North - though I think
you are wise to get as much support in the Colleges practicable
- Coster is not yet known about. I am doing well. Converser &
Smith prefer what they call their books & have no concern about the re-
sult. The boys in our office have 17 copies - $3. - You may have half
a dozen copies if you wish, at $2. on account you must let me
know soon I shall send you from another box of books for Bull
from Request him to send me Wells notes for $1.50, in $20s before 1st
Jan. 7 at 60 days - to enable me to meet Bank payment at that time.
I wish him to send one, for like purpose. All that I. has $2. I have with
must be considerable - if not paid must be due on West sales
January 7th. I send you our whole account have been long
expecting
The mail calls - all well & very truly yours
V. C. Off. Lt. Col. Morter
