Dear Edw
You do not answer my letters, I am
kept in suspense whether or not you have received them
Our affairs are now in a state to require frequent
intercourse. Beside the interest we feel in the success
of your paper concerning which we write frequently to hear,
it is important for me immediately to know what you
intend to do toward the new edition agreed to be printed by
Converse. I have not more than a day, let of the last
edition in hand except what are in the hands of the Auctioneers -- not a great matter -- There is nothing therefore
to hinder the putting a new edition immediately to press
The market -- will be quite clear by the time it could be
printed -- I have been busy to prepare the work, I shall soon
devote my time permanently to the revision is completed.
Write you to inform me immediately, whether you can
situate me any assistance, how much of what kind -- I
think there is a good prospect of a quick sale. You
do not answer me concerning the settlement of
the work -- with you were to have finished according to that
Lord told me in Septt before this time -- If you don't
prepare such a book I will do it -- Mr. Mutt wishes to
publish himself a book, I shall throw the country down
to his school -- I think he could do well for
himself with it -- Your Atlass complete so be ready
to accompany the new edition of the Georgian to be made
by his Agents to get his whole edition printed
for the time it is out -- he obtains worth, I Mutt
are in high spirits about it
I can get no answer to my letters to Cookes on the subject
of the Georgians -- what they intend to do -- I have my course with
them marked out with in due time. I shall make known to
them -- to you -- I shall take legal advice before I act, I know
what I can do
Offering has demanded the Am. of his due bill
in the new edition of the Georgians Atlass -- though the Judge decided
that this work was not demandable by him, in any one of the
other bills -- What be means I don't know unless I expect that
the whole Court will decide the question differently from Judging
the whole -- which is not probable -- have off him the Clerk of
the Court -- which is all that remains of my publications
to be demanded by him -- he has not any -- have empowered
my Rep. J. Dumbell to act for me in settling the business -- My Rec't
to him is yet to be settled -- What is due must be in money.
as soon as the Atlass Due bill is settled -- I shall call on him to
settle the act
I have a letter just received from Rev. Wm. Wilton of Gran-
ville N.J. an old schoolmate with you at Andover -- it is a letter of friend-
ship -- I suppose it not knowing but there might be turns in here
to be attended to -- I will send it by private hand to you -- it will make
a good agent for you in that quarter -- Will it fail to do for you
by all means -- I will do any thing that be ought to do for you
with you to engage for a man competent to translate any of your works
into the Spanish language I know his name -- I am not in your books, informed
as to that -- I am aware of the necessity for them to be printed without delay -- some
one else will buy them -- I would have received from him at any time, if
they had been printed -- I would have received from him at any time, if
he had not been so busy with his own affairs -- I will not fail before the
time comes -- I will not fail before the time comes -- I will not fail before the time comes -- I will not fail before the
