My dear son, N. Haven Feb. 14th 1825
We received yours of the 9th to your dear
departed wife. You will readily imagine what
feelings the receiving of such a letter in
our circumstances must produce -- The Lord
enable us, you, and dear afflicted son, to bear
our afflictions with becoming fortitude & sub-
sistence. We are anxious to know how you
have been enabled to bear up under the
sudden & dreadful stroke you have received from
the hand of the Almighty.
We are glad to hear that you "had" thus far
advanced to your mind, in your business at Washington --
I hope that you will have accomplished the most
difficult part of it with what requires the combined
energies of your mind, before the following intelligence will have reached you -- We hope also,
that you will be able to stay in Paris until we have completed our object, that it
may not be frustrated. -- Nothing here will suffer by your delay, & absence.
Yesterday your brother, B. Susan H. attended
worship & presented our Sister D. Taylor preached
from the text -- "It is appointed to all men once to die, & after
that the judgment" -- every solemn, appropriate herculian
sermon, to an audience profusely still, & deeply affected -- When you were alluded to, the weeping was audibly heard -- We have received a consoling letter from your
uncle Salisbury this Joy -- nothing yet from Concord.
You may remember that Mr Sheldon Clark
of Oxford, in this state, has made a very handsome donation to our College -- in consequence the Faculty have
requested that he would sit for his likeness to be placed among
the Benefactors of the College -- He will have only the
common size portrait with hands twisted upon it while in N. H. -- He will
write to go to work early in April -- I hope you may be
able to fit to compose yourself as to accommodate him
He has just called on me, & I expect him to write you this
morning -- We are all well this morning. Little Fisher gives fairly
97840 Rich Harvey is tomorrow morning. All are well except
Booth & Clements who are in bed. I am
so tired when I am in bed I cannot
write a letter. I am
