I would thank you to say to Father that I do not think
it wise at all to add questions at the bottom of the pages in the
School Geography; they will occupy more space than here if they
are made any way complete, they must be so numerous as to
fill quite a large space on the page; and if they are not
complete, they are worse than nothing. I went over two or three
pages & framed the questions. I became thoroughly sick of the
business. It will cost a great deal of time to prepare the questions,
which whether or not they can neither of us afford to spare from our other business
which is very much prising I will suffer severely from neglect.
The large geography ought to have every moment which we can
devote to it. I am pleased with the plan of adding a new
map to the Atlas I will plan do all in my power to
prepare it soon, but I do think that the plan of adding
questions at the bottom of each page in the Geography
unwise at any time I especially at the present. So far as I
have been able to learn the minds of instructors, it is not a plan
that is called for, but I have written to Richard W. and I have written to Richard W. Vogel
on the subject, I have requested them to begin immediately to print the
copy which I sent them in October. Depend upon it, adding questions
will delay the edition & will do injury in various ways.
I am sorry the edition is to be only 10,000 at 11 cents. I
fear that the book will be driven out of the market by this measure.
The Cookes are pushing Woodbridge into every part of the country
at a low price, & if we compel our bookseller to hold the work out
of the market, we are flat. I think the income from the
Geography is very enormous very expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive
to be surpassed if it
can be surpassed at all.
97887 I am glad to hear that mother is better & hope that
she will be entirely well before long. I long to visit Newhaven, but my
business ties me here, & Finley thinks that he cannot accept of
mother's invitation to spend New Years at home. It is a great piece of
self denial & I'll abuse you to stay here, when I might be so pleasant to
the family of other Heaven. But duty bids me keep the post I am in. Love to
Sam & hopes for the children.
Your affectionate father
Thomas Jefferson
