I might here allude to the usages of professional
men generally in support of the foregoing remarks,
but I shall pass on
The place of Academician, so far as the honour of
it may be properly esteemed, is worthy of the ambition
of all Artists, however eminent. The same may be said
of the Honorary membership. The Associate is in
a class very way inferior to these, and is elected from
among his fellow Artists, as a preparatory step to
the ultimate honour of the Academy. What remains
is the bulk of professional men, who will not feel them
selves complimented by any farther subdivision of
their ranks.
To be sure of having a compliment valued, it
should be seen that it is valued by those who
confer it. Now it seems to me that the Body of Artists
of your Academy, (I speak plainly) is a sort of
common receptacle, to be filled with those whom you
may think best to attach to the interests of the
Academy, and yet, in doing which you hazard
nothing of the dignity of the standing grades.
I make this remark, notwithstanding I know that
this body embraces some persons of talent, of whom
it is not worth while to speak lightly. How some
of them appreciate their rank may be easily imagined.
There seems to be the imprint of littleness on every
thing relating to this grade. All the other elections
are to be made with much circumspection, at particular times, by unanimous vote. The Artist may
be either professional or Amateur; he may be proposed
and voted for at any time, and elected by a bare
majority. And even in the Catalogue, his subordinate connexion to the Academy is significantly
hinted by a little A.
This grade, soutions, so indefinite, embracing
persons of so widely different views as must
respectively belong to Artists and Amateurs, appears
to me to be alike unfit for either.
To the one it is barely an acknowledgement of his
professional character as an Artist, as distinguished
from a Student or Copy-while the other is thereby
furnished with a technical character which he seldom
wishes to avow.
