the use of preserving the Cream and a great part
of the Milk during the nursing of Calves. By
M. Schune.
From the Bibliothèque Physiologica Rominonique,
it has been supposed, in most countries,
that the best and most effectual method, either for
stimulating or for the milk, is to make
the calf suck the mother's milk; it is not so
certainly, that the following is the preferred
method. The calf can drink. When it is three
days old, two-thirds of oatmeal (spurry,
corn meal as good) is made into a paste, and
fed for a minute. It is then left to suck it
until it has drunk as much as it can, which is
one or two quarts of milk that has stood twelve
hours. Then it is given a second time, stir the whole,
and give it to the calf to drink. This method is
designed to make the calf drink by preventing the
fetus from being irritated by the milk, thus
help, and will grow incomparably fatter than by
the other method. This method is not only a
theoretical truth, but its success is not doubted.
The economical advantages that result from it
are striking. According to the old method,
a calf finished at the age of three months is to
suck for three weeks, and times intended for
grazing are left empty. This is supposing
the cow gives only a moderate quantity of milk.
The value of the milk in these three weeks to the
mother is the value of the calf. If, in the new method, we
consider the calf according to this new method, we
consider it as having received only three
quarts of oat-meal, at most, and the elementary
milk.
M. Schune adds, that he has practiced this
method himself, and that his calves have been
always as healthy, and as strong as the others,
and not subject to disease. The only alterations
he has made in the method, is to prevent them
to suck at all, but give them the pure milk of the
mother, and the same quantity every day; because,
he has observed, that the separation of the
mother from the calf is more painful to the mother than when the
calf is taken from her at the time of birth. He
makes no exception, only when the cow calves
for the first time, he has found it has observed that in this case the latter vessels of the
mother, and the cow is more easily milked, if
the calf is allowed to suck for a few days.
