know 2 to ask such ladies as we knew went friendly - The
report was there was an overwhelming house - even in the
whites in a rather slight, with but few exceptions - as representatives,
quite whispering, I suppose - The C. D. party sat in the front row -
it was crowded with members of senators 2 as Mr Holmes, who called
next day told us every one was demanding how Abby Keyes Crawford
was supported - Both 2 having on one side - Van Buren's lecture
to forget why else on the other - with a Skilans behind -
I was made the previous evening - Mr C. D. went into the
last ward at home & played what old Mr. - On every occasion
that offers, his friends show Mr C. - He remains a most devoted abolitionist -
His vote will have to him faithful - whether he
vote secured in their endeavors is doubtful - told him
generally consider Genl. S. as having a better chance - I will
soon be determined - I wish it was over - Mr C. - seems no
way anxious or impatient - he is always the same - more
cheerful & affectionate. The first sound I heard of a
morning, was his voice calling to his little children
"Come here my son - come here my daughter & help Papa for your
morning" - He is exceedingly fond of chess & plays earnestly
when not engaged in business - while I was there, one some
times entertained whilst we all took time to meet
as he resorted, his eyes for business, to which he
every morning. One morning I met Mr Echols
your city & enquired after Mr. S. - I was sorry I had
not my MSS. with me, to commit it to his care -
May I not the other young men never have lost sight -
They profess leaving Washington to morrow - Barards trust will
accomplish his design - The this day mental reason, is
not very favorable for private claims. I feared him to
slay longer - but he cannot. Samuel Bayard, today is
story - He does not think the prospect in the separation
encouraging - I regret this exceedingly - I felt as if
his presence here would have formed a link between
us & our friends - to me difficult it is perhaps
even to get into business - Our families are all well -
Raymond at college a quite healthy contented -
I wish my girls would go home into the city - Mrs
Shorten - Mrs Bamberd & Mrs Crawford, have given us
repeated invitations to come to Paris some time - last
year prefer home - I seem quite contented - Shear
from Sanitary every month
