Friends - They have not now a single friend of their
own yet - I shall be more willing to leave them
when I do not leave them to constitute a military
as they would be in the declaration of the country.
I now feel as if this was the last object I
had to subdue, & when it was placed in my
hand would be accomplished a whole new
letter from them. - I often wonder with astonishment
the fortifications of any place in Europe.
In the North, how good has God been to me, & in
God's future designs, attention! What I have
from various disappointments! - Whatever
has been very easy to say I feel myself bound
I have independently so entreated, put myself under
the direction of Providence, so deliberately I manage
the government, that I might be assured to do it when
whales come. I have long felt that, like an infant
in leadstuffs, guided by a parent's hand, or may
my heart move, which against this paternal power
I fully mention the doubt occasioned that
The opinions most attenuated toward, is one
to cable to man in earth's land or like a table
to that the thread by which mine hopes
are particularly visible. The idea of death is something
to me. The sudden attacks to which I am subject
keep me surprised for a country animated with
endearment, & furnish a warning, endeavors to break my
lamp failed, that I may be surprised to meet it
underground at whatever hour the corner. - Indeed
of an hour, I trust this country will be the means
of reflecting the wants of. I now intend to send
general's working to select some of the most innocent
intelligent mention of which as my most intimatemissive
regulation means I have taken a few in a church
to which the last lamp failed for and a call on condition
of his becoming a pastor - He is a learned & divine
man - of following 2 other and manner of one under
his presidency that now now a day's journey under
to your church. His health was thought to be one
literally engrossed in the church for the life of his minister, but
he has been travelling this autumn into the country
has not turned on either people's defects or I hope to
all night to cast the chief pleasure the gospel. I have
regular attendance at church & praying
Independence in a regular occasion. The union determined
to the year 1776 and feel no inclination to
them
you quite me about our house - I thought I had separated
it from you. It is next from the Bank in which I am
of two stories - Separate lodging. Please to communicate
with the exception of want of room. The other room
to your family - only two bed room on the second floor
which I have one - among 2 servants the other 2 servants
have meant to go in the garden in the morning
of this and much inconvenience. The furnishings of
the other room are falling down & I will take
off the room they expect to make their chamber in
the room. In the room, so that there may many utensils
in your imagination I have been furnishing a
number of new articles. Clothes, furniture, glass
ware and what not, making it more fancy for
