-band, the few hours he spend with me, nor
at the charms they used to have before we were
married; we knew not what his to be silent -
indifferent when we are alone with each other.
Always you knew, was fond of saying some hour
of the day alone; you know have the same
particularity for occasional solitude; therefore my
dear sister may freely indulge this inclination
without ever fearing that I shall attribute it to
indifference to my society. I shall explicitly to
you my dear Mama, on this subject, as I have
infer'd from your letter, for never have I heard with
a single person, who did not seem hurt, or distressed
with me, for with drawing from the family,
to fast a part of the day by myself. Sarah
you write here, to feel as if it were your
home, in every sense of that word. Your little
room is very pleasant all the morning, as it
looks upon a wood, where no house appears, it
has all the advantages of solitude, a solitude
which being surrounded by the works of nature, naturally raises the mind to nature's God.
Charles Hutchinson, is to come next week, I shall
feel much disappointed if you are not with
her. If possible let one know the day you
expect to be here, or, at some other time, you may
find no one at home to receive you, & so this
should be every one's. The only thing which
I wish to bring for one, is a seat, but plain
seating better, as, to take for the truth, I cannot find
one to purchase in the city.
last week, Brothers John & Sister Joseph 5 days with
me; 4 of those 7 days we were kept in the house
for want of a carriage, for we could not procure
one on the whole day. But the last day they
were here, we passed very agreeably riding about
meeting some friends at Genesport. They were
so charmed with the hid 2 comfortable mansions
of the Scott family. I was very happy in keeping
with me & in talking over all our family
concerns.
Since I last wrote I have formed quite a social
acquaintance with Mrs. Madison & her sisters, indeed
it is impossible for an acquaintance with them to
be different. Mrs Smith & I dined off the President,
he has company every day, but his table is seldom
laid for more than 12 - This presents all from
to make the conversation general & unreserved.
I happened to sit next to Mr Jefferson & was convinced
on my first opinion in his favour, by his
easy, candid & gentle manners. Before I left this
place Cranch & myself sat in the drawing room with
Mrs Smith & her sisters, whose social dispositions soon made
us acquainted with each other. About 6 o'clock the
gentlemen joined us, but Mr Jefferson & Madison's manner
were so easy & familiar, that they produced no restraint
on our conversation. Gentlemen Cranch & Gallatin
are in our way of good will, as are myself & Mr.
Thos Carroll, the neighbours I last mentioned, have proved
quite attentive, within the last week, the has spent an
afternoon & morning with me & has at several times
sent me walks & observations, & what I shall more highly
value, large bunches of fine roses & long grass.
I have now fine tumbling filled with flowers &
the parties is so highly excited, that you might imagine
yourself in a house of sweets. I fear the season of these
flowers will be over before you come.
