218
Board. About 18.
Dr. Coughlin called. Said Portmanster, lawyer of Greenville told me some months ago that a friend, a banker, had just told him that he had recently lost a consortium of bankers at which Judge O'Neill was present & that O'Neill said this consortium could never be really prosperous until the present State Asiento was secured out of power. He also informed me that O'Neill had been elected a delegate at large by the Illinois Representatives to the State Senate and that O'Neill wanted his place on the State Court & it looked a little as if he would succeed.
I believe if O'Neill wins this he will dignify me in every way in his power to prevent my reappointment. Dr E. Faist O'Neill often wrote Meador.
I remember Judge Meador told me that he had heard Judge O'Neill was opposed to me for District Judge, of the Treasury.
I believe O'Neill is very bitter with me because the First Nat. Bank declined to assume the debt trust Co into the First Nat. Bank system unless it materially cut down the book value of certain of its stock and bond instruments, e.g. 1899 N.H.P.W. etc.
Did Judge Faist earlier reported to the Bank and to me personally one day in Boston that the capital of the Company was almost of not quite impaired by reason of their loans & stock in investments.
I called up Broderick then 14th and he confirmed this. He said the Board on his recommendation, valued that the bank value must be cut down by about 50% of the stock itself; that there was a very reasonable agreement about a little more than the Comptroller now required for bonds already invested as Nat. bonds; that if a Nat. Bank was a new bank or e.g. a State Bank receiving a charter, the Comptroller -- as his officer had informed him -- would require at least as much money out as one Nat. required of O'Neill's Company; that the Co. also had many loans which were very slow. that we required a certain % of currency to be allotted to bring up general emolument of the assets. He said O'Neill seemed willing but undoubtedly his directors were not as they had not since informed them against our admission.
Curtis, in 12 August, told me in Boston that O'Neill was amazed when the real cause of the Bank were pointed out to him -- that he thought it was in first class condition.
Beths Broderick and Curtis criticized
treasury Theodore, Miss Bk Compt.
