the passing over of Warburg; that Del. was absolutely
unbittered for the Senate any way; that he was
narrow, bit-ted and a reactionary; he continued
he was Emilest but he was honest & honestical;
that he had given him every opportunity to
be cordial & friendly but that he treated
him cold & aloof; that he was more of an
undifferentiated being than a man etc.; that
Harding was better fitted than the others
to be his magnified his limitations; that Miller
was absolutely out of the question for any
Senate.
He then asked my opinion; I said looking
solely to harmony Delano stood as designated
attitude I associated the cold indifference
passing over of Warburg; he could not agree
to this. I said I felt sure Delano could resign
if deposed by Vice Gov and not made
Gov; he said he did not cast a stone etc.
he did or not; he had favored them more
on the Presidt & the Presidt had yielded;
if now he resigns here he did not make
himself here his honor cold & ridiculous.
I said I found his respective support
he never injurious them Warburg;
he said No! of course, resigned it cold
but as w. the business at this time.
271
I asked of Warburg, could accept the Vice Gov; he said
yes, without any doubt.
I said if Harding & Warburg, were designated it
would embitter Delano and probably Warburg
as they would feel that Harding had doubts
crossed them & this would prob break up any
future combination between them. He agreed
to this.
He said he had still grave doubts about
Harding's loyalty to the system & asked if I
thought he could be loyal; I said I believed
he could be as he could consider himself
at an important factor in the Board
who could lend to more than work on
harmony.
He said he could have a later w. him &
entirely upon him that the Presidt
placed upon him loyalty to the system
& in view of his fine work in changes
had determined to resignate him.
He said the delegations would be for 1 year
only who could give the Presidt a hold
upon the Senate.
He said he fully appreciated how
numerous the members were and
their reactionary feelings; that in stead
they had stuck at a critical time
& that very respectfully he & the Presidt
