46
decreet. Requition I so as to remove any doubt and
that requests under revolving letters of credit w.
involve in but drawn telegrams are eligible be
respective. told him to furnish strict notice
send it to Bd. Said nothing about debits or place of
meeting.
Aug 18. Week
Williams paid me a copy of a letter he sent to
Washington, set that he notified his cabinet of
delays in getting our law, though he
asserted him if he had not lettered us. Even
ambassador & other. Even agents -- U.S. is
to neutrality of credit amongst.
settled minutes of N.Y. meeting. Some bills
slut of civil etc & talent in meeting at
sub naval.
Fails failed slutt encumbering us. loans etc.
Miller also failed slutt.
Dr Miller & Hudding said bullies was also offered
to meeting at sub naval. Lewis said bullies told
me on morning meeting still leave him at
sub hearing. Is a part Willis did not come
to sub naval. but stayed at law with Hudding
bullies & Washington.
Thursday
at meeting Lord Harrison and counsel came in and
ordered us to take any objection to him being
present. I told U.S. and he remained turning notes
of our talks on N.Y. meeting all this he turned only
better than of our talks.
Mr P M Harrison came in and I asked him
as to honor of being to such a meeting.
47
He said he was leaving it up but was about
convening Chamber of Bd could not call a
meeting as that was duty of Lord the acting
vice. officer. I said my opinion was certain
and assured him of my attention had assured
him to look matter etc. He said Hudding had
assured him.
As a matter of fact the legality of a call
ordered by Secy of Treasury was not questioned
in N.Y. either before or during meeting. Only
ground given was danger from newspaper
character at sub hearing.
at meeting Wednesday Aug 18. Miller on first
line suggested that Secy did not change a
call ordered by the Lord but I informed a
changing opinion very strongly.
at meeting week. Dr Miller made a statement
to be believed in bills explaining that no
discourtesy to Secy McAdoo was intended;
that if he had been present at meeting
they would have attended at sub naval.
but in absence of Secy he felt they had
a right to consult their own convenience.
Not a word was said by him in his
reasons as to it being illegal for Secy of
Treasury to change call issued in order of
Lord.
When minutes finally approved it appeared
that Miller had written him himself.
