114
Nov 18. Thursday.
Chicago Ill. Riel. Ch. of Committs
11:20 19. Sunday
Mr. Sperry of the Adv. Commit called and said that
the Council had considered subject of cutting
down the Pe Rents & Bks. that which many
believed this did curiously lie down the Council
was unanimously of opinion that at the
present time such action would not be carried
also it is thought it a great mistake to
use abolishing Consolidation Office and leave
to create the Morgan who will of course
did not attend meeting of council.
at making this one Harding is that which
recently in Chicago he learned authoritatively
that 25 of most powerful O.S. was in
convention were recently arranging to leave
the R.O.B. Bureau system & leave and charter
as State banks.
Del. have not every of new about of Radical
Council who. Council are to act on Monday
to be substituted for orig. subject, in their
new subject Council seriously strikes out
5 or 6 pps on colo. thing gives reasons for
act. of redistricting whole country.
indirectly they do this to avoid giving
their names & figures etc on colo. any
which was based.
Del. has passed to give in all data asked
for on every resolution -- on Monday Believes he
115
well now decline to give such data.
letters today could come from their proposed plan
& most colo. they said they had entirely
agreed where, but that they had taken the
plan from bank and now had it in their
possession; also said Colton had discussed
matter w. Dr Miller in detail and that Dr
M. seemed unwilling.
Ellsworth today said also that Miller had
concluded in Colton on other matters.
Nov 20. Sat.
attended meeting of St. Paul Credit Comm. Late
lunched w. Gen. Hoover. He said a copy of recent
Council report had been given him & asked what
whole matter meant -- I told him briefly and
said nothing about Delano change agent Madden.
He was business & id of such redistricting was
attempted Curry well intended & charges could be
wronged vs credit. Council. I told him Council refused
in true strict in Oklahoma Redist. heavy that
his Bd. did abolish Res Opps. He said he was now
entirely satisfied they had no such power and if he
had at any time would contrary he was broad
enough to change opinion after study of the
matters -- colo. he has apparently given it.
Laten Gen. Hayes Smith. shown to me -- he was
certainly stirred up and said he had just
had a talk w. Harding who was decidedly
unanimous. He told Harding every abolished
plan could go into Court & use an injunction
and Harding finally said he would
not vote for any measure colo. would
surely result in a law suit.
