way to rack an honorable out, do a final injustice
against the City & the Adams seriously even
if it won the case on legal grounds. He
did not agree with me & he even expressed
the suggestion of abandoning the penalities
involved for failure to give a list of
securities available for Ald. V votes -- which
I told him he clearly did not lawfully
inhibit or collect. As a matter of fact
he already had waived this as his official
superficially stated but he did not see the
importance of it. He seemed absolutely blind
to the fact that any of his acts could
ever be criticized. He was very bitter
with Brandies but I told him B's judgment
was good & he did not fear to take votes
May 14. Sunday
Ante see Vautre said there was a rumor that
Brandies was lying to give Williams so as
to rehabilitate himself with the financial
interests. What subterfuge!
Am sorry Brandies told Sec. M. on I said to
him: I emphatically stated that what I said
was in absolute confidence merely for two
informants in making up his mind as to how
best to handle the East case.
May 16. Sunday
See McAdoo called. Seemed in very good spirits
as to Rapp Bk case to be argued tomorrow.
I assured him as to newspaper rumor of crime
-premierist. He passed it over very lightly &
said all later of compromise was nonsense
or something to that effect.
Mr. Warren took substantial part. He said that
there had been efforts on both sides to
compromise; that the Rapp Bk was perfectly
unfavorable & that they offered to compromise with
infinites wh. Court had demanded and by
wh. the $5000 fine was withdrawn if Warren
could waive the fine & further that they
would dismiss their Bill against both McAdoo
& Williams; their only condition was that
between McAdoo or Warren filed their
affidavits as if Bill was dismissed.
There could be nothing left to answer;
that he thought this a wise settlement
but neither McAdoo nor Warren could
agree as both insisted the affidavits
must be filed and if the litigation would
go on.
Warren said McAdoo made a great mistake
in putting his letter to Attorney General in his
affidavit asking Counsel for Warren &
saying he did not wish to do any
