192
same day this week. Harding said that he had just
seen in the manuscript of the 1st Rev. Bill of
Rehmann that a Washington bank had discounted
a note of the Washington Jewellers Galt Brothers
endorsed by Mrs Woodrow Wilson.
Monday, Feb 21
Warburg's men, amending the Rev Act to permit
but Savings Banks to join system as Assoc.
members without trust of cabinet was
considered; Warb had also proposed that
St. Louis & Trust Co's old join as associate
members without making any capital backs but
old discount only though a member
bank. I forbade a man. objecting to
part relating to State banks.
Quite a bitter debate. Harding got mad
and said he was a chump ever to have
gone on Rev Bill; that the Administration
members evidently were determined not
to allow any audit; that we were determined
on this course for fear it would give the
Rebels political capital. I said I had
paid no attention to political considerations.
he said Secy H. Leslie told him as about.
I said such an audit could be taken as
a confession that our system was a
failure and out it was & if adopted it
would break all our efforts at
coordination.
Warb & Harding said I was afraid of
political obstruction. I replied such an
193
audit would be taken by bankers as an
attenuation the system was a failure. Warburg
& Harding both at once said it was a
failure unless radically amended and
in 5 years this would generally be
admitted.
They both wanted to do away with capital
backs by State banks in order later to
bring about where of hand in capital to
member banks.
Finally it was agreed to draw new audit
limited to Nat. Savings banks.
Harding brought up his proposed letter to
Smithson bank as to 100% reserve on bank
deposits. The discussion it was shown
that Smithson was not using this money
2.2. in effect, they were seeking 100%
reserve.
I suggested merely writing acknowledging the
current of these banks in conserving
funds etc. Secy at any time might
move, and finally Harding agreed to
withdraw it along these lines.
Warburg brought up his comments on
Productives about on Boston bank and
I said nobody would feel a desire to
memorandum to have no need for
keeping back capital, in my draft.
