London July 15th 1845.
Dear Sir.
I promised to write to you, and you promised to take
the trouble to decipher my style of writing, a task not
so easy as you perhaps imagined at the time.
After a journey of 14 days & 18 hours, the old Great
Western, which is getting really old & fatigued in comparison
with her younger sister Midmounts Cunardia, which made her trip
in 10 days, I was safely landed at Liverpool, and after five hours'
rest I hastened on to London, the City of all cities!
After delivering the Dispatches to our Minister, my first inquiry
was for the Telegraph; a considerable risk brought me to the Depot
of the great Western Railway, where I found the office of the electric
magnetic Wheatstone Telegraph; -- a small room containing many
magic looking boxes, enough in number to bring a man to the state in the
time of holy inquisition, and crammed in all directions with mysterious wires
coming from these boxes and from a battery of 12 small caps (stuck off hands)
leading out to a slender pole towards the other station. -- The assistant
was just engaged over one of these boxes to move two handles rapidly
to the right a left at his option, whereby a pair of magnetic needles moved
with them and pointing to signs & few letters, after having despatched
his ideas upon electrical wings towards the west I paid my admission fee
of one shilling, a thing so very natural in England, for which he very
politely explained the operation of the apparatus just mentioned. --
My first question was a natural one, "What is the Telegraph?" -- I told him that I had seen your Telegraph on the other side of the ocean,
and anxious to learn the difference between both. -- He informed me it was true that your Telegraph is allowed in operation
between New York & Boston; in respect to the I gave him as a correct
information as I thought it true. -- He showed me a large roll of your telegraphic Dispatches in Alphabet
and wished to know if that was done with your Telegraph, and
when I assured him of the authority of said slips paper, he
expressed his ignorance in regard to the method of producing the long strokes are produced,
and the means you employ to obtain such a powerful magnet
to make the impressions. -- Assuring him that it was done by means
of simple apparatus, by two wires & small batteries, by means of which
several fifty or sixty can be given and printed in minutes, & all the other
advantages even this, he could scarcely retain himself of attending
its superiority.
