Dear Professor Morse
San Francisco, January 24th 1847.
I saw a few days ago in the Newspapers it announced that the Union Government has gone in
violation of establishing a magnetic Telegraph, and an Effect of the Government of Union forbidding
all from putting up a Telegraph of any kind. These and other news led me to believe that
Casper is now thinking really about the erection of telegraph lines along her railroads, &
that other Former Friends will soonen, or later to the same.
I read also somewhere that the Telegraph in use now in France has been by its inventor, improved, &
that it is much better of it continental Europe. I know however that whatever
may be this Telegraph improved, it will always be inferior to yours Professor, on every account,
& consequently, that if your Telegraph were better than in Europe, and especially in France,
it would be preferred above all others. It seems, therefore, to me quite plain, that you
would advance your interest and reputation by presenting your invention to the Union Government,
& thereby secure to yourselves an exclusive privilege for the Russian Warpath, not
only, but also for the whole extent of the Russian Confederacy. And if you had no business
to do this, yourself or other persons to do it by, I would most cheerfully undertake this business
myself as your agent, against a remuneration to be granted only, when your own Telegraph
should effectually be adopted by Russia, or any other German Power at your own
discretion.
A West Engineer of Paris has lately invented a Machine for Building Mountains &c., boring
Tunnels in the Alps for oil-roads. You know there is a project of opening a Railroad
from Savoy to Constance through the Alps, & property through Val de Blanio, in this case
and the Mountain Inclination, which must have a tunnel about four miles long to
reach the Rhine on the northern side, otherwise through Sover, & another more general
scheme of opening a Railroad from Paris to Lyons, & Savoy through the Alps
between Perdonnette on this side, & Bardane on the Savoy side. To bore the former
it will take 10 years, the latter 25 or 30, they say. I have invented, in any
hand, another contrivance to pass over, not through the Mountains, A locomotive of so
simple a kind that nobody of far as I know, ever thought of it, and consequently of no
worthless kind, in all probability. Here it is. It is an ordinary locomotive having, besides
the two side cylinders for the rotation of the wheels, two cylinders running under the ball
or of long, and of close together of possible, and moving their pistons alternately, now one
given to yourselves the two pistons moving at their outer end an articulated bar ending in
a loop, and support sheet an extending, or inclined railroad bed, or the middle line between
the two Rails, iron page, or crossly strongly fastened to the ground, and distant from
each other of much of the highest, or most outward point to which the piston can reach,
