from the lowest, or, the whole length of the piston. Now let one piston be put
out so that its loop grapples a peg; then let the steam in the cylinder at its outer end
steal well compel the piston to enter again the cylinder. As the piston is preferred to
peg immovably, the locomotive itself will have to run up to it, & travel up the
length of the run of the piston itself, as I call it. While this piston is pushed down
cylinder, let the other piston dart out, and grab the next peg; then let the steam
push it down of, and the locomotive will have to run up again the same peg
and so on. A machine, or locomotive of good power will be able to drag up also
with itself a certain load, wagons, etc., and the quickness of the alternate move
of the two piston would determine its velocity etc. This effect seems to me
certain about I know not what obstacles may render this effect useless. I suggest
a railway on the side of a mountain ascending as a succession of terraces
a tract horizontal, and another tract inclined: for the first, the locomotive would
itself of itself one lateral cylinder, like the present locomotive, for the other of these
vertical cylinders, and so on. At the beginning of an inclined tract, locomotion
provided only with these horizontal cylinders might be secured for the services
the whole train: and in cases of large numbers of wagons, two or more of these
cylinders might be employed of. The strength or power of the locomotive is
dependent on the degree of inclination of the incline, mainly. I have reason
myself, who knows nothing of this business, into the belief that I could not
be old difficulties, and furnishment all obstacles. But as I am wise than a
child in the matter I might who overlook most evident objections, and
possible they. I regret one thing in this conversation, not to have money to buy
a model made according to the model I have in my head both of locomotion,
and of the Railroad. But you, my friend, if I explained
concepts clearly enough for you to comprehend it, may suggest me
the possibility, or impossibility of such a machine, and put any mind at
for ever as I said, it is on account of its obviousness, and simplicity the
belief this idea must labour under some objection that any engineer
with mechanical wisdom from me. But if you should judge it worthy of
experiment, say so: but I will have to get a model made in fact
of steam, or locomotion.
I see very hard gets tried with nothing, therefore I make an end. I wrote
dog and bought to my credit and paid for it. I propose, and to God any
of you one of them. I will tell you what I am doing put I
ought to be doing if not your time will not about you to read news
less than that you do not now. I had be not you dear Professor
your F. W. Sayward
