people his part & represent an honest man when
he hopes. But without I in his own honor, where
all things are at issue -- all things connected to be
pure & regular -- therein he profits. -- Montgomery.
Noble and noblest. See all!
It was a worthy saying of Julius Douglas
to the Masons who offered for three thousand
crowns to find this house into which a cannon
that his negligence should not be able to
insert in it as before. "I will give you
one thousand said he, to make it or that every
body may see into every room."
Powell, more difficult than Pickens
to long, steadily continue in virtue in the difficulty
to storm a fort -- to carry an Embassy, to govern
a people are actions of menhood, in which
we are stimulated & supported by public offices
an ever fixed. Justice -- subjection of tempers
melancholy -- moderation -- forbearance is more
than difficult -- on which account we find
Paris what ever may be said to be entirely
have duties as great as important & difficult as
those of public -- and private men, upon which
"some virtue more justly & splendidly than
those in authority"
I had rather be lopold, than old before my time -- making
me see --
He cannot avoid the miserable decay of old age,
the body quite as it is inevitably as the brain, to
like that minder back into its primitive state; never
to mind me have a little more control, says as
Montagne says, "it is the privilege of the mind to
rescue itself from old age -- dedicate more to it with
all the power I have; let it in the extreme remain
continue green & plump if it can the metaphor
thins a dead tree -- but, I fear it is a question how
contrasted or contrast a picture with the body
that it leaves me at my turn, to follow that in its
need -- If they be carried to this correspondence
I grant to it Science & Catharsis & naturalism
it beautiful ladies & royal menches, but no man
of the complexion is discerned, it appears to be not too
even the perfection that can most probably be
professing to own, cannot then perform their functions
but necessarily appear deficient & defective. There is
no strength left in its productions, if there be not
enough inspiration in its body.
For when the body languishes, why do I
see no spirit in myself wholly.
My very smart, a man must be so
in actions not obligations. Montgomery.
For centuries being told that people under Ill &
from -- "Not at all," said he -- "There is nothing of
me in mind the only -- it
