other authors whose memoirs I have lately
been reading, all of whom one must be
attributing their success to the removal of
others, assigning nearly the same reasons.
"Such an oracle (or tame) might
have been emulated in laying with rational
devotion; but I was soon disgusted with
the modest practice of sending the manuscripts
to my friends. Of such friends some will survive
through politics, & some will outlive them
vanity. The author himself is the best judge
of his own performance; no one has so
deeply meditated on the subject as one
so seriously interested in the event.
Wilson
For
who in the conduct of a party, approved
himself equal to the conduct of an
Empire —
I have explained in the forty circumstances
& periods of my first publication
a memorable period in the life of a student
when he ventures to conceal his ignorance
of his mind; his respect for men must
replaced by his desire of self improvement &
to become for a moment the
eye of mankind on his own
performance.
In England of (his opinion literature) was
revived with cold indifference little need
& speedily forgotten: a small impetuous was
the favored — the bookbinder murmured on in
spitefulness of his history
at the outset all was doubt & doubtful even
the title of any work — the time of the death
of the former Emperor — the timidity of the
interlocutor — the division of the chapters in the
order of the narrative & I was often tempted to
cut away the labour of seven years.
Three times did I compose
the first chapter & twice the second & third
before I was tolerably satisfied with this effort
— the 162/16 chapters have been reduced
by three successive novels from a large one
to their present size a key might still
be composed without loss of fact or
sentiments.
Mr. Cadell & W. Strahan undertook
the execution of the alterations which formed
more credit for the name of the book than the
author — so moderate were my
hopes that the original undertaking had been
limited to 500. The number was doubled
by the publication of Washington. During
