more inclined to embrace than to dispute the
comparative doctrine. I will not suppose my
premature decay of mind a body, but I must
reluctantly admit that two causes, the
abstraction of time & the failure of hope
will always linger with a bruised handle
the evening of life.
Agreed. Have selected these passages from the
6th memoir of Gibbon, not only as they part
which most interested me but from an idea
of blending them with the observations made
on this great historian when I first read
his memoirs 30 years ago -- 2 from the ablest
former & short review of his life & character.
I should like to do the same with other
distinguished men. 2. Think it might
be a useful & amusing work for those
persons who have not time or inclination
for more voluminous Biography.
In our biographical dictionaries
the notices are generally as dry & meager
as skeletons in The They furnish to us the
data that necessarily the birth & death
& other extensive incidents of the life, they
give as one might into the mind &
feelings of the man.
such sketches in 1 propose to myself would be
rather moral men, than mere records of incidents.
The same incidents of sentiment & conduct are
common to all men: but each one individual
what ever personal resemblance there may be in
mind & disposition -- have yet, an identity, an
individuality of character -- a peculiar set of
feelings -- which belong to and enter into most
things -- then to trace the circumstances, which
different shades of character have to each other
& influence the sources from whence human
sympathy is derived. To blend moral reflections
with narrative -- delineations of character,
with sentiments, descriptions & details
with anecdotes & commentations of the whole
embellished with the figures of fancy & clothed
in a familiar & easy style, might 1. Furnish
me a pleasing & instructive work.
But it requires a degree of study &
behaviour which I declare myself incapable of
containing application & knowledge which
never realises my own conception of
what is best worth & worthy of study, how-
saidly do I feel the want of every discipline
had steadiness habits of regular industry & steady
application been formed in my youth.
I would not now have had a mental fellow
with such vague & useless knowledge --
surely the model of my train, of ideas
