agreement with Mr. H.B. White as to Shantung, all the belief he never told President Wilson. He also said that after he came an Ambassador in 1918, he had a talk with Lansing as to sending a very prominent Japanese to China as a financial couns; that Lansing bully obstructed this, but when he was appointed Lansing called from Paris objecting and insisting on the appointment of an American; that he went to Frank Pack and showed him his notes as to his talk with Lansing, but that Lansing denied any recollection of any such conversation; that he thereafter asked to be relieved of his post as Ambassador, as he felt he never again had any interest in with him; that later he found Dr. Taegler weak and Mr. Wilson bully about the matter & she told it to President Wilson.
This latter was told to me by John.
We told him we felt that Lansing at that time was a very stiff man, suffocating from Victorians and that it had affected his health, as was shown by his break, which clearly showed his disloyalty to Lincoln.
I also told him Lansing hated Johnson and that I thought he was influenced by John W. Foster. I also told him & which
3
was told me in Johnson by Mr. Wilson two actions of the Jap. Foreign Office in 1897, that Foster had asked an archduke of the Junkers serve him before in his every to China and that Foster insisted that not only Mr. Foster but also other members of his family should be relieved at the same time and that Foster was very indignant when told that his request could not be considered with; that Foster had asked as counsel for the Chinese Govt.
I told him we wanted to see the Treaty books at the League of N. Sentiments and he said Dr. Witobek would show it to me on Monday.
Sunday, Sept. 13.
Edith called us in telephone and said she had 2 tickets to the cathedral which she would leave at the hotel, but we left her already and two tickets.
We went to cathedral at 10.30. a joint sermon: Dr Fordship delivered a brilliant address on 2.15 p.m. at 1 p.m. due to action sent from to Lincoln several delegates went there, on also Dr Zimmerman whose lecture every morning
