16
director of the Mint and later fiscal and Sec of
the Treasury; that we day Vanderbilt called
him from N.Y. and said that Charles Martin,
Sec. of Rail was negotiating a two million dollar
loan, on Treasury expenditure, three copies of the
first note of N.Y., and the Morgan interest; that
Vanderbilt said the bank had not been
consulted & was very indifferent; that all this
deceal an Sec till he had never heard of him;
that we morning he drove to Vanderbilt house
and asked him what it meant; that
Vander told him he could not let it alone
it; that he then drove to Macbrayes house
who was not in; that he rested him
waiting 1/2 hr & finally came into the
room and reluctantly said -- well, Andrew,
what do you want?; that he could he
come to talk about him two million loan;
that he did, said -- what right have you to
come to me in any loan matter -- I am the
Sec. of the Treasury; that he then told Vanderbilt
what he had heard, and finally to his
amazement he did admit that he had
well taken liberty of it; that he and
Mac V. went to N.Y. & saw Vanderbilt & he
verified the fact; that when they returned
17
Mac V said he was to be at the White House
that P.M. & undoubtedly left would
sleep to him about it; that later he
told him left invited him into the
Parlor to take a drink but never alluded
to him down! that they seemed entirely
despondent & Andrew down; that finally
he -- Andrew -- went to Aldrich & send him
away to inquire about the loan -- that
while Mac V & he never came short to
each another, he really had some disagreeable
talk with him; that Aldrich went
to left & learned that a loan was
being arranged by Vanderbilt; that as a
result of Aldrich's protest, the matter
was given up finally; that in spite of
this treatment Mac V did not change.
a. that his account he have just completed
his new house & did not want to
leave Washington, all the Andrew told
him if he requested he should receive
also.
Andrew said Mac V. was a very weak
man, not fitted for the Presidency; that
he was appointed only because
men was wanted; that he & Reynolds
