146
April 5. Board
was divided in the 4 men Cunningham, Collette and Randall
went their
after 6. Board voted to allow Valley Bk. of Minn. Calis.
to leave a bank 50 miles away in Missouri
as a trouble. We had no hold on transit
bank condition in this valley bank where it
interest the system and : : this only question
was who. There were any experience about
of assets which clearly was not the case.
even Cunningham agreed to this action he
had left room before vote taken. James,
however, voted No. That the opposed election
was no experience change of assets
but stubbornly voted No. Twc. C. Platt,
Miller & I voted Yes.
But two of the letters from Missouri came, informing
me it had elected a Mr. Colson on an issue
of Board. Cunningham set a long line at
the Bed and put me under the belief that
the see of the Bed should be taken from
the opposite side of the Bank and could
defendable joined him in a verbal assault
that night which I did not understand and the
147
ballot of the Bd, about refused to, be reorganized.
It was insisted out to Cunningham that 6
of the Board and his from the Missouri
side, and the item changed line which so
as merely to disallow his particular
act. A long debate followed in which
it appeared that over a year ago, both
Mr. Douglas and Heath received ten thousand
in Missouri salary to 4000. He was then and
is now embroiled. See. of Mr. Douglas,
and they both said he was a very able
man who called various offices and
committees of the Bank, and that ultimately
they expected to make him ass. See. To
which Mr. Colson replied : But Mr. Colson
knowing all these facts, advised the
members in salary, thus recognizing in
advance the action now taken.
This made no submission on Colson or
James a Cunningham, either the latter
admitted the Bed was in a hole.
Platt insisted out, and Mr. Colson, that
a Board has the right to admit anyone
it see fit to be See. or ass. See.
Miller, however, seemed disposed at
the thought of a candid. See of the
Board being ass. See. of the Bed.
