Washington Dec. 29th 1843.
Prof. Fisher. Sir,
feel under no obligation to explain, even put to I shall feel under no obligation to explain, to an official responsibility in can of official responsibility in not undertake any explanation of my act of dismissing you from the service of the Government as my Assistant, since you have assumed as the ground of that act, causes which my letter does not further justify. My letter of dismissal did not warrant such an answer, for the writer says that I have no further need of your services as assistant. "No other cause it for this is assigned If you have chosen to consider my reasonable complaint of not hearing from you after 3 times addressing the latter part of the letter you respectfully request a sum of money sent you 18 days before, that is large to pay over not my fault, but forward one of the causes of dismissal and misrepresentations as being least likely to be injurious to you. Your unfaithfulness to your trust, (since you dishonor to serve it,) is the principal cause of your dismissal. This unfaithfulness has well nigh ruined the whole enterprise, My instructions to you are in these words "You will therefore proceed immediately to Meigs' Jathoni's factory in to inspect and prove the length of pipe, by the air pump or forcing pump or both, and the integrity and perfection of the insolation of the wire by a battery." This last order was repeated verbally over and again especially directed to me to take charge of the wires and to prevent them from being damaged in the process of manufacture. You were also directed to report to me the "condition of the property submitted for your inspection." You state in your letter that you "have endeavored faithfully to fulfill the duties of your situation." Had you faithfully proved the insolation of the wires within the pipe as you were instructed to do, you must, or ought to, have known, that the insolation was unsound, and had you ever hinted to me that it was not in perfect order, it would not have been left to me to discover the disastrous defect at the moment of putting the pipe into the ground, away from all facilities for repair, compelling to suspend the
After the letter which you have addressed to me, I shall feel under no obligation to explain, to an official responsibility in can (especially to of official responsibility in not undertake any explanation of my act of dismissing you from the service of the government as my assistant, since you have assumed as the ground of that act, causes which my letter does not further justify. My letter of dismissal did not warrant such an answer for the writer says that I have no further need of your services as assistant. "No other cause it for this is assigned If you have chosen to consider my reasonable complaint of not hearing from you after 3 times addressing the latter part you respectfully request a sum of money sent you 18 days before, that is large to not my fault, but forward one of the causes of dismissal and misrepresentations as being least likely to be injurious to you. Your unfaithfulness to your trust, (since you dishonor to serve it,) is the principal cause of your dismissal This unfaithfulness has well nigh ruined the whole enterprise, My instructions to you are in these words "You will therefore proceed immediately to Meigs' Jathoni's factory in to inspect and prove the length of pipe, by the air pump or forcing pump or both, and the integrity and perfection of the insolation of the wire by a battery." This last order was repeated verbally over and again especially directed to me to take charge of the wires and to prevent them from being damaged in the process of manufacture. You were also directed to report to me the "condition of the property submitted for your inspection." You state in your letter that you "have endeavored faithfully to fulfill the duties of your situation." Had you faithfully proved the insolation of the wires within the pipe as you were instructed to do, you must, or ought to, have
know that the insolation was unsound, and had you ever hinted to me that it was not in perfect order, it would not have been left to me
to discover the disastrous defect at the moment of putting the pipe into the ground, away from all facilities for repair, compelling to suspend the
