that the honor to receive your calling
that an attack of commerce should draw my car-
dinal in the direction of the Pacific Railroad
the city of San Francisco on the line of the Monterey and
Balboa Railroad, San Francisco, January 19th, 1873.
Francis Shaw, Secretary of War.
to the Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C., January 19th, 1873.
With the view of obtaining official support for the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad, I have the honor to inform you that the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company has been notified by the Secretary of War that the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company is to be constructed
and that the Secretary of War desires to have the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company. The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in construction and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company. The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad
Company be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in construction and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad
Company. The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest
possible economy in construction and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company. The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway
built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in construction and in the cost of construction and railway
built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company. The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company be constructed in
such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in construction and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company. The Secretary
of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in construction
and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company. The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San
Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in construction and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San
Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company. The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company be constructed in such a manner as
to secure the greatest possible economy in construction and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company. The Secretary of War desires that
the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in construction and in the cost
of construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad Company. The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in construction and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad.
The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in
construction and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San Francisco and Oakland Railroad. The Secretary of War desires that the construction and railway built to the San
Francisco and Oakland Railroad be constructed in such a manner as to secure the greatest possible economy in construction and in the cost of construction and railway built to the San
[rest of page cut off]
