Memorandum of a contract this day made, between Zachary
& Brothers of the one part & Francis O.D Smith of the other part, as sellers
— Zachary Brothers have agreed to deliver said Smith, twenty five
Miles or thirty Miles, at the option of said Smith, of Lean Pipe, perfectly
sound and in the acceptance of Joseph Mara or his assistant, of 70th of an
inch in the bar, and of the weight of one pound to the yard, the same
to be delivered at Philadelphia or New York at the option of said Zachary
& Brothers — in Coil from 450 to 600 feet in length, with four wires in
— Octavia through the same, the wires to be furnished by said Smith —
the Coils to be six inches in depth, and in diameter of six or
eight inches diameter — and the whole to be packed in Cask or boxes for
transportation — the delivering to be on board of Packet, due of expense to
Said Smith
Said Zachary Brothers agree to deliver ten Miles in length of said pipe,
prepaid as above stated, on or before the 10th day of November next — ten
Miles more on or before the 15th of November next, & the whole of the rem
— due on or before the 20th of November next —
And Said Smith agrees to pay said Zachary Brothers at the rate of
Five Dollars & ten Cent per hundred pounds for the same, delivered as above
specified — Seventy five per Cent interest on delivery of forty five Miles, & the
remainder when the whole shall be delivered, within the periods above
specified —
Said Smith is to deliver Said Zachary Brothers, the wire, prepared for
insulation, at their factory in either New York or Philadelphia as they may order
Dijonca in Duplicate, New York City Oct. 30 1843. Signed, Zachary Brothers
Francis O. Smith
The undersigned agree to be responsible for the fulfillment of the above contract
in the part of said Smith — New York City Oct 30 1843 signed, David H B. Munro
Mr. J. F. B. Munro, have this day completed the delivery of the above pipe,
amounting in the whole to fifty nine thousand eight hundred & ninety nine
and a half pounds (59,29972) which I have accepted, after survey, according
to the instructions of Joseph P. B. Munro — signed, James C Rich
ass't Inspect. E. M. Telegraph
Mr. Bk & Co Dec 13th 1843
99286
