106
even still paying 8% dividends, the Belt stay
might not to have successfully tried to do
their
Catharine Hunt ended in a large bankruptcy not to be obtained under
conditions.
Dec 16. Sunday
attended funeral of Mr. McVoyd, been
council of Mr. McVoyd. The campaign
was bitter but no other members of
McVoyd. Mr. Wilcox was also there,
sentenced to Mr. McCarty, United as Judge & then President.
Dec 17. Sunday
I called with Cleveland and he was out of town to
be back tomorrow.
Reitlinger called me up in afternoon and said
Dr Rubbin was coming to see him and what
could the way to him about his fees. I could
did not Cleveland advise him to check up
him and suggest 500 as an emolument or
possibly 1000? He said Yes. I said Mr.
Ballouw his activity; all I can say is
Cleveland being away -- I can not remain why
you could not suggest 500 and if he does
not adhere to give it, increase it to 1000
an Cleveland suggested.
at 5:30 she called up with urgent subject he
had called about at first said he had no
107
even be having any conversation; About she said she
wanted to do this and he asked what she wanted
to make it; About she asked if she could be
deliberating must he send Yes; About he did not
very much attention to this matter as he seemed
to have something else in his mind. I told
her to return them to Cleveland.
Dec 18. Tuesday
met Cleveland by field at lunch. told him about
Dr Rubbin. He said he originally had Reitlinger
this better way would be to say nothing about
excursion fees, but to allow Ballouw and
Dr Rubbin to await them if they came but
I told him I said this same to Reitlinger but
the cold not think of it. He agreed with
me that should Dr. Rubbin withdrew a
excursion it must require Reitlinger.
He also said he would advise Reitlinger,
without annoying any responsibility, to
interview him young man of Mr. Rubbin
bank who now, from time to time, was
helping her.
We called in her evening at 5 P.M.
Reitlinger called up at 6:45 and I told him
about Cleveland & asked him to see him.
