84
he was attending dinner of Carnegie Clubmen
to the foreign colonies. John Benton Taylor made
a splendid address thanking Wilson and the
R. of K.
I met Mr Kelms at the dinner.
Nov 23. Sunday
dined almost with Ebelinck Meyer. She told me
he was to pay she had succeeded in him and still
of his 3 expeditions, only Rachel Hall was to
receive any compensation for services, it being
obviously provided that dear Ratonable and
Dr Rubbin were to serve without compensation.
Several men is the trail told them to Dr Rubbin
when she asked him to act as Executive and
she said No. I suspected that she ask her
lawyer, his client, whether she ought
not to tell Dr Rubbin them, or at least give
him some encouragement in the cause by
so acting, however small. I am glad Mr
might decline to serve under these excellent
conditions and if the Stephens should come
curled here will in their personal opinion
Dr Ris testimony could be vital and his refusal
to act as Executive must not be very embarrassing.
85
Ebelinck seemed not very friendly to Rachel Hall. She
said that some little time ago she was walking
around the Court, measured and sat down
in a bench; that later Rachel said she also
desire to sit in Court and walked around;
that she saw come one in the distance who
looked like Ebelinck just as she. Rachel
was leaving in his automobile, and that she
was so tired she really did not have strength
to ascertain who it was Ebelinck and drive
away to lunch.
Ebelinck did not say she had seen Rachel and
said Rachel candidly had a pretty complexion
& she seemed very angry about it, saying
that indeed as she was old strength
enough to drive her old brother to his new place
in Md. she said he athlete either a
great admirer of Rachel or many years
could not have ever thought to tell her
one would not consider her turning down
the position and accepting Chandler's stall.
She added that the athlete was a very
fine looking man, this not very truthful,
and had never married.
She also said that either Rachel were a
