120
1929
Received a letter from Compt Alexander Grant thanking
me for the album of facsimiles of U.S. Postage
Stamps which I sent California last summer &
which the Compt Alexander.
1929. Jan 1.
Denver w. Endicott Hayes.
Jan. 2. Wed.
Berlin received a letter from Catharine Grant
dated Dec 29, 28 thanking her for our interest in a
European glass board, and saying she would write
me soon. See again 20, - years old Berlin
reassures Hamilton to settle on way from Gen Smith.
Receives press to 12 y to meeting of Nat. Civic Clubs.
Jan 3. Thursday
Berlin returns 10 p m
called on Rachel Hall. Steaming of Cannon
among Philadelphia ships, the said years ago he told
Endicott Hayes that tree (Rachel's) father and
mother did their best to catch him on his
otherwise tree old man". Rachel said this
was perfectly absurd; that steam was
a most unfairly belittled - that no fuel
could ball in love with him - he was a
completely innocent fellow with almost
no chin, but this man of wealthy parents;
most fine parents, whom she told him, treated
121
me a rough fellow.
from 4. Friday
Platt told me that yesterday at 4.30 I called
a special meeting of the Bd to have action on N.Y.
mercury in Alaska. votes, just selected; that Em J
was anxious at not having him able to go
abstained; that he wanted to order this vote
withdrawn; that Platt said that would mean
give a check on this ball; that Em J. did that
was what he wanted; that Miller finally
suggested that we give the Bd not to announce
it until Bd did consider it; that this was
finally agreed to, Em J. agreeing very reluctantly;
that Em J. used almost violent language to
Em. Hamilton.
This money matter was between us at home
Bd meeting see. Miller being heard. After
five dollars must of the hundred apiece
that N.Y. was not bound to secure this
observance on the minimum rate - my land
been obliterated by Bill, and that while the
going rate was always abated the Board
had always offered the actual rates as
a matter of fact.
Kilner ed we ought to exert a repetition that
