34
interest and could not be allowed all rates which could so
down to 4 1/2 %; that this would stimulate
business. He said the general feeling was that
the M system were trying to emulate stock
and, speculation rates and that in his
judgment, speculation could not be emulated
by different rates. He believed a 4 1/2 % rate
to draw the country back to the system was
not trying to emulate the stock exchange.
He said he did not agree with them when
claimed that lower rates on 8 to 3 1/2 %
in Aug., 1827, was a mistaken policy but
that we musted have some cause to the 4 1/2 %
rate a little sooner than we did.
He said he was extremely puzzled at the
speculation in 4 1/2 %, but we could not
understand it. He said legendate or a trust
was certain to come out he could not
say when nor understand why it had not
come before this; that even at a 4 1/2 % rate
might better encourage speculation of gold
in this day run current duties; that many of
the borrowing clauses were not so involved
as this country seemed to think.
He was asked what would take up the
capital etc. sufficiently sufficient any $500
35
millions of the money now in use. He could then
answer him to bill a legislative and that the
Board would not take over that loan.
Mr. J. said in such case we might have a
panic. Later, Alexander exclaimed that
statement and said that Board would take
over our money. The system also must
do its part.
The Committee defended Chicago money
from 4 1/2 to 5 against James' attack and said
the morning loan of the Bank made
the advance necessary.
James said Chicago was present at the
open market current money at which it was
afforded to make no further advances but
immediately before the appointment, from no
reason.
Alexander said no risk of a Whigs' bank
any visit to apply an discount rate action, that
that was effected by the decision of the
Board. It was omitted and that it
was no such appointment.
The Committee suggested making all the Whigs'
members of the last Court, but with an
exceptional heavy bull thieves.
Mr. J. said this appealed to him, but Miller
