158
the entirely innocently; that he would level to have
his business at dinner as much as any one else.
She also spoke of his object to his abstract "in
respect to "missing in" the subject of", and to the
phrase "under the circumstances" instead of
"in the circumstances". She said he must surely
would organize a trust style club.
I inadvertently stopped up his Nice telephoning
Randall's cutt useless and said I wondered
how he got these relations. number. Randall's
said he could not imagine as the kind news
given at to him.
I said he did not get it from me, and I did
not know when that cutt telephoned rather
late that night; that I had not and would
not give it to any one.
I said herberts though Scobey, his intimateman,
friend, gave it to him but Randall's said he
did not have it and that said Scobey was
most honorable and always wrote.
I then reminded Randall that he had sent
the President last year & that herberts it
was given him then.
E. B. W. Cuttman came to your defense and
said that was probably true & herberts
of Cuttman had written instead of telephoning
159
he might herberts have secured an interview.
She said Margaret Cuttman was coming down
transferring now able seeing her daughter off
in N.Y.
She also said that I probably noticed that the
photograph I gave her was no longer in
the library (where she kept it since I gave it)
but that she had transferred it up
to her own room where she kept Bestier. I
said I regarded it as a translation
(add note, p. 164)
I doubt her Bestier would come down on the
Constitution limited on Monday morning but that
I should probably be back Sat. morning
unless "tightline influence" prevailed, at which
she laughed heartily, and asked me surely
to call her up when I returned.
She then said of course I was to stay with
her also, but I told her I had better not
to that, as I had my room at the club
and room was so scarce it might give me
trouble. She said -- tell them room all out of
town. I said then they might secure in
letting the room from night to night.
She finally said if I would not stay at the
