122
bank of over 200 millions, - 25 millions already set
shut for Canada, 100 millions secured Treasury & Coupon
exhortid 5 millions less week, on Feb. 1923, trust of
Bonds leaving circulation regularly deboured in Treasury of
some $7 millions (and of these twelve Securing 10 on Notes)
Gov S said this would lighten the market and
would mean a necessity for cutting out discount
notes; that it would cause better interest and
uncertainty in U.S. and would seriously affect
our relations w. Europe, starting into gold interests
again.
Gradually Gov S. would do business more freely here
in order to keep money conditions easy and keep down
discount rates. I believe there is latitude in this as
cutting out notes would embarrass the Administration;
also that we have got better on some inblate to trust us on a
renty w. E.H.B.
Business rates are now on low on 2 1/4% on 40000000
discount rate of 3 3/4.
To make our rate obsolete we should really sell some
Trusts
The H. & N. W. Company's discount rate abnormally low
& must they expect to go up.
We can set the business firmly forever to bring over 100
millions more trust here, but this would be advisable to
merely set to buy more now
123
holders objected vigorously to giving such favors, and Gov S
had been Chicago meeting members to show that holders
were sufficiently favored it, which rather subdued
holders.
Cunningham objected to using other market houses
to stabilize rates, though he was opposed to any
merical or direct rates.
Cost mounted and stock in 1923 not reduced on
holdings of trust etc. to 90 millions to avoid risk
of cutting out discount rates
Gov S got angry & suggested that the Bel discount this
course & cut it irrevocably on itself by altering
to banking agency trust where trust houses were intended to
be used for termination of making direct rates
obtained, but had great doubt whether we
should come out it to keep down a reasonable
advance in discount rates.
I do not like use of other market houses to stabilize
the stock exchange, but Gov S permitted and stock
rate in call loans under many circumstances an exception
in commercial rates.
In handling duties Cunningham meant of rates not used
in a normal situation, in business not many have
