132
just ballancing his strength, that never was a
hint when he was incontestable him
referring the duties of his office, -- that he
gave him strength and courage, but that he
performed the duties of his office.
He said he often asked him to see people for
him, telling him what to say, and he would
make a memorandum in writing, unless he
would laugh at him and say it was not necessary.
The members offering an Alexanderite ticket
of the Autocratic party against his husband;
that Alexander said he would never lend
wanted to retain his seat in Congress; that he
needed no specific instructions to let him
he could not be done; that he then accepted
unconditionally.
She begged me to be very careful, in any writing
I might do, to bring out his truth, -- that
she merely asserted his husband in a serious
-manner and with dignity, but that he
understood every detail.
She asked me to beg Bertie and Anna to send
to him in time to spend Thanksgiving with
her.
She told me surely to call him up Tuesday when I returned
133
William Neil about last night at the Common and took
my room tonight.
I mentioned to him that I had finished with his
resolution, and he stated that he had called up his
Balloung and asked if he could in his letter today
and that Bulling said that was to leave a very
busy day and would be unable to finish any
substantially; that he then asked if he could
not call late this afternoon; that Bulling said
he would let me out all the afternoon; that he
then asked if he could not call tomorrow, but
Balling said the day was filled with obligations.
While I think Balloung considering my relatives with
him should have bound it possible to arrange a
call for tomorrow, yet I am amazed that
William should have called Bulling up without
but sleeping to me. If he had, I might have
asked permission to bring him to lunch.
at lunch, I told him, he was in town and the
question said -- "Why didn't you tell me!"
I am convinced that knew nothing about
William calling up Bulling.
I do not know how William got up telephoned
number; I certainly would have it to him!
