130
it was when made at hamble for 18. minutes to finish
him them; that he was but to do so, but only thereby
less talk.
He said the had often been asked by syndicate
to write of 13th- and to name him on 13th,
but of course she declined.
I left at 10 P.M. and still had not returned for
her talk, but telephoned she and Randall
would leave during the road.
Nov 14. Sunday.
called me up at 8.45 am and still asked me to
come up to lunch.
I told her about Mr. Asher's showing to cheap
over the Radio and she was shocked, saying it
had been a defeated candidate on the
nominatin, nothing would have succeeded
her from accepting.
Then she added sinfully, "Herballes Sec. M.
was dominated by some one just as I was
dominated by you in the matter of my
own letter!
She spoke much of President Wilson, saying,
among other things, that he will hold her
that he had William Jennings Bryan,
131
Hamblett's etc on the Tucker Republican ticket; that most
of them were plainly selfish and many of them
talked with Wilson lies; that every degree Hamblett
entailed some basis of truth; that among the
hamblett he could trust out certain elements of
truth in common to all; that he could thus
call out much truth to speak him.
I gave her David Lawrence letter, or rather send
I would send it to her, and that I had neglected
businesses to her and other important matters.
She said, if I wanted her to, she would send it
and take it over with me later.
I told her Lawrence, although meaning lies
in the highest degree, referred to lies on the
"United States" and she said these distressed
her greatly; that she acted on her tremendous
sentiment and assisted him in every way in
her manner, consulting with him constantly at all
hours, and cheering him up and encouraging
him, but that his mind was too much
obstinate asked on all matters. She said he
had ordered many matters not sent to the
Excellence officer but directly to him and on
many matters she gave him all the talks
she could, intelligently in choosing the best
line to carry them before him.
Her broke immediately down, burning a sheet from
