200
exercising their powers.
An utter Lodge irrationality must have been a doubt
but that Dr. Wilson was utterly wrong.
Such address as Dr. Alderman, great as
it was, convinced me that Dr. Wilson should
have an official biographical sympathetic
with her, and easier to obtain her point of
view or to all of these criticisms, she has a
clear, candid mind, and keen intelligence,
and she is not afraid to consider every criticism,
practically, all of which she can answer to
her satisfaction if one who really wants
to get at the truth.
I am very disappointed that Dr. Alderman
had nothing to say of the trobund influence
of his Wilson on his husband. He considered
her at all times, defended her in judgment,
and I firmly believe, although she never has
intimated such a thing to me, that the
most cogent criticism against Dr. Wilson,
depressing though it may be, would have been
assumed, --
disloyalty to the Union.
Dr. Alderman surely made a submission to the
candid milking Dr. Wilson received able in
201
Wilson. He Wilson not only gave to it that his
husband had careful nursing, but she
really cured him herself, and she gave him
her very life blood and strength and vigor
and through her ministrations he was able
to discharge the high duties of his office.
Her intelligence made this possible.
David Lawrence sufficiently says in his book, --
"He was, so to speak, the reigning monarch".
She is grotesque, it is cynical jest and not
truth. She made it possible for him to
perform his duties as President but it was
he who reformed them.
It was indeed, as was well said of Julia
Wright, "a Queen among Women and a
Woman among Queens" but this was in
the sphere of her duties, and when carrying
out her duties in her private place, she will
go down alongside of both Sally Madison
as one of the most intelligent, brilliant
and faithful women in the White House
our country has ever had.
It is true ambition of Bertie and myself
to see that this place in history is
reserved to her.
To sum up: Dr Alderman had courage and confidence
the best he knew. He did not know
where the evidence in the case, as to the
culprits of constitutional crime and lead to rely
upon himself. To convict himself on the duty
of the official biographer. (Continued in next volume)
