been nominated and he fought for the League.
Dr Ayson insisted that Mr Adcox was a firm believer
in the League, & said he had had theories
made by Mr Adcox in Europe since 1890.
I doubt him I had no reference to any such
theories in my recent vote, except to mention
to that effect that Mr Adcox in 1890 was coming
to work to induce President Wilson to accept the
Lodge's resolutions, one of which demanded as
many votes for the U.S. as for Britain in our
own colonies!
Mr Wilson told me she believed him Mr Adcox at least
belt that Mr Adcox should have stood by the League
but was too loyal to him to admit it.
July 16. With
Mr John Spelten Williams at the 32nd. Club after
divulge and more to him pleasantly. Berton had
met him in N.Y at the Convention. He was just
finishing dinner with a guest, and we immediately
shared a few words somewhat respectfully.
July 17.
Dr Ayson finished w. me at Convent. Club. Said
that Mr Adcox supported me when young abroad
& that they got their children with a licensed
music & Cook Sally Adcox with them; that
Mr Adcox was really very sick; that a sherriff
examined him with X rays and finally very reluctantly
permitted him to sail; that Adcox lost 2 Sentinels
with him; that he was sure Mr Adcox could not be
the League on a sleeve in Russia where he can
not find; that he failed to use it in the
campaign many have caused his defeat (he did
not think so yesterday).
I firmly believe he made his Wilson stronger Adcox
was disloyal to Wilson in throwing over the
League of N., and I also believe that in his
heart he feels so too.
July 19. Sat. finished with Mr Wilson.
July 20. Sunday. Mr Wilson. Mr Robert Balling and Miss
Balleng went there. Mr Balleng was very
critical towards Mr Adcox and said she would
have any will for him. She believes he was
disloyal to Wilson. So do I, and so, I firmly
believe, does Mr Wilson and Balleng.
Mr Margaret Wilson even tired but went out
to dinner so I did not see her.
Mr Wilson said Margaret went over the convention
over & over again; that she said she fallen
would have abandoned him, K. of N.; that
she (Mrs W.) said she knew perfectly well he
