48
dove in his vulgar attitude & often querulous & that
: he could make no set speeches on him and
would leave to content himself with silent
hear and Mr. address ; that the court had thrown
from Davis's sheer silliness in his examination.
He was very indignant, and said they should have
simply asked him either to submit to judgment or to
come out openly and oppose him and not have
hard him such consideration as it evidently
swelled his head.
She then read me a very long letter from
Mr. Davis, written abroad, giving over the whole
campaign, saying that many friends of Davis
had joined Tammany & the real enemies desired
to ruin him vehemently & prevent his nominating ; that they failed in their business and
succeeded in the calling & that now he will
not to attend to his own affairs ; that his
campaign was for Wilson & his ideals ;
and that he had gone down fighting by
him ; that Davis was a good fellow when
he should suspect him, but that he defended
radically from him in almost every question.
Mr. W. said it was the most absurd letter
she had ever read, and was evidently published
49
for but few of us ; that it was a letter which
could have been sent to any one, by merely
striking out "Edith" and substituting any
other name, & she really believed he had
had Diamond's printed for but few of us.
He also said he did not draw the referendum
clause and did not believe in it ; that
it was forced on the court by the leading
members ; that if he had been nominated
he would have strengthened out the matter
substantially ! (This is in direct contrast
to the interest in slavery
in which he strongly favored the Republicans.)
Admiral Elyson said Mr. Davis recommended
him & Dr. Huff to belong to D. Y., and that he
would shortly have to leave an officer
but did not say what it was.
I also spoke to him of Col. Hane, telling him that
one woman (the Walter treasurer, but I did
not give the name) told me she, Mrs. Hane,
was the cause of the estrangement, but that I
"sat down" on her severely, although politely
saying that I knew her well enough
