62
but that his final collection came before the
could do it.
I called up Mr Randolph and he said he would send
me the correspondence regarding annexation to be
sent by at 11 o'clock.
Act 3, Monday, continued.
Loop Comp. limited to V.Y. and Short night in
Union club. Met Be
left 4. Sat.
Met Bertie at Dean Saffs about 6.35 Park
avt. Gen. Parker and Grace Knuff & daughter went
there & we took a steam train at 12 M. on Rewards.
will to attend the marriage of Sally Saff to
Mr. Stuart. Returned at 6 P.M. champagne flowed
like water!
In evening Bertie and I went to dinner at the
Belmont, and afterwards ran in to Senator
Pittman of Nevada.
We both opened up on him telling him what
we thought of him course in his Constituents
in the L. of Natives. He defended himself
by saying that he wanted to win and that
he believed if we made it a duel issue, we
should be beaten again; that he could not
63
not in the slightest degree animadverted by any
probability towards Wilson; that in the country
he had always believed in the League and he
admired Wilson greatly, and that he had
fought for the League probably as violently
as any other Senator; that in Feb. 1919 after his
election from Curie, Wilson asked Sen. Swannson
and himself whether reservations were necessary
to secure ratification by the Senate; that he and
Swannson said No, from the seat of principle,
but that you from the point of filling a 2d
vote; that Wilson said he would not see how
failure was established in the Constitution unless
so directed by Congress.
He also said Wilson asked some question from
Sen. Hitchcock and Sen. John Sharpe well known
who both assured him the treaty could be
ratified without any reservations; that he
was afraid the Lodge reservations; that he
believed Lodge in his heart believed in the
League and would never put it through if
it had been a Republican measure, but that
the hatred of Wilson was so great that to
regret him he was glad to defeat the League
and said he believed Lodge backed up the
