104
would let God to have it done by me. I said I
would not trouble her to do this and she
bravely asked me to take it to Halifax and leave
it marked as I suggested.
He was speaking of Trust Jackson and I asked
her if she had read Bowen's book, "Party ballads of
the Jackson period"? She said she had heard much
about it and would so like to read it and I
said I would send it to her, on also Prince
William Herriot's biography of Wilson.
I spoke of her damning and told her I held sure
she felt afraid to bow or shrink to him, in view
of Lunning's book. She said she did not see
why she should act in this way.
I asked her if she would return her bow or
client to her if she made the advance. She
said most certainly yes, although it would not
be very pleasant for her, but she, although
believing greatly about the book, would be willing
to let bygones be bygones; at least to her
interest.
I asked Randallto to lunch with me at the Corner
Club and see my room. He gave a rather
awkward answer, and later when we went
down stairs, he said he never left her
alone at any meal, although she would be
105
very indignant with him if she knew he had
told me this, or even knew of his feelings.
Randallto candidly considered that she is very
depressed and does not like to leave her
alone.
We heard Lee, Milton and Sir Maurice Bowes over
the Radio, and then I left, both saying they
looked to see me very soon again.
I told her jokingly, that she must throw
Bertie on my picture and she said she
would most certainly do this.
I told her Bertie & Anna would come to her
after Thanksgiving, and she said this would
not be her herberty, although it would be
very hard for her to wait for
them so long.
Oct 29. 1898.
at 10 a.m sent Bowen book on Jackson to C.B.W with
a note
Brig. H. Dawes sent me a letter of his brother and
wrote on it: To, Mr Estabrook with sincere respects
from a young brother, Henry H. Dawes."
5.30 P.M. called on Mrs and Miss Balling but they were out
driving; them called on Adam & Mrs Helen but they
were out.
C.B.W told me last night she took her mother to drink
