154
to write President Wilson's life.
I asked her if the statement in Daniel Emmett's
book was true, that she had informed Col. Hines
an article pulling him about the President etc.
She said it was true, that one day in Paris
Col. Hines called on her while walking to her
in Wilson, and that she told him she had an
article by William Sleat, saying that Col. H.
was the only statement in the American
commission, and that all that had been written
published had been his work, and that if he
Wilson only remained ill, Hines could carry
the K. of K. troubles out etc etc.
She said Col. R. took it and said he had never
seen it before, seemed very much embarrassed
and finally left without waiting to see her
Wilson, and that this was the last time
she ever saw him.
She also asked me to find out whether Charles
More of the commercial division of the army
library was a Republican partisan, as she had
been informed. I met her Parsons in the club
and formally asked him and at once wrote her
about him. (see my letter Nov 25)
She spoke of whether reference to Emmett's in her
155
book, and said Emmett's statements were absolutely
false; that I wrote him asking to send a message
to the Dem. division but he declined; that later
I saw him; that he never gave me anything but
any message; that later I returned him Nov 7
and met Wilmer Bolling in the station and
got into his car and told him the Times had
an article set up on this subject which would
ruin him, that he must see his Wilson; that
Wilmer went to see at his mother and she
finally returned and wrote me Wilson etc.
although she found it would shut his cheek
on the subject, but whether he would see
him I am not sure but think she must have
did; that in Wilson's book, all the essential
correspondence with J. and herself was omitted;
that her statement on to a message was
a deliberate lie.
She also said that will Emmett to play a
trick on Ray Baker, who was just starting
in a sitting tour in the campaign of
1916, light wrote a letter in which Hines
tried to persuade her Wilson meant to
do and that it delivered to Baker at a
service just before he was taking the
train. The Bayard letter ordered Baker to
