he had heard of the convention. C. declined
to talk.
finally sat wing A invited C. to dine at
his table but C. declined.
July 9.
Continued w. fawning & told him all about
Anderson. he said he was an ass.
Gov. T. said never was that Carter Elam had
been offered Delano's place in Res Bet.
Gov H also said Warburg said he could be
placed to be assistant to Delano's 2 year
unexpired term if he did not have the
first term of 10 years.
Gov. Amb. sent out a copy of letter of Trust Co.
protesting him on two harbor streets.
went into Dr Miller office and found his
chairperson, Smithson, sound asleep in his
sofa in his shirt sleeve.
Iuborated him to the Board & said he
was responsible for voting him this
salary of $85 per month; that an insurance
paid only $65 and one church insurance
$75. & said $65 would be a liberal salary
& that it still be cut down to this.
Warburg objected. said Miller did not
buy him now. Slay as much as died
the others & that the officer of each
member were but him to determine
whether he was a member or not.
July 12
Miller told me Dr Miller had practically ordered
him to put a Mrs Hutton on our rolls before
he went away, although he had lived here
& told Hutton she was of no use to him.
also said he did serve as to another
woman but when ordered to oblige
& show her ability to lay down
firmly. Dr Hutton she backed down &
did she did not want the ballot.
July 16
Brought up Miller chairman before Bd.
told members I went into Miller office this
morning and found the chauffeur, Smithson,
in his shirt sleeve, smoking a cigar
and reading a paper. also said that I
said the Bd was responsible for each salary
& that a saving in Rev. Secy surely did not
warrant a member in paying a useless
salary to his chauffeur. Dr Miller said
nothing for the chauffeur to do as Miller
mail was borrowed & the let. officer
always called his (Miller) office in every
call to Miller & he could buy Miller was
away.
Finally agreed to our counsel of this
matter were not to be determined by
each member for himself.
now Elliott later & he said Bd was asked
for all sums absent & however spent.
