notice that money construte of buildings
would never be returned & other words
indicating that the bid come off. I said it
came when we see Rowk & the Denver getting
of it until it was shut out; that he tried
to keep it but could not. It was very much
disturbed.
Henderson said 18, I saw Denver - he said the day
had killed one Cornell - that the action
members wanted Cornell assumed rule at
all & that if not done they would unride
usier.
I saw Secy at 2.30. He said there was nothing
in his statement in any way interfering w
cut. Ex. Cornell. I then should have the
statement that this action of the Treasury
"should serve to encourage others to undertake
without delay the fulfillment of the many
and varied industrial needs of the
country."
He seemed amazed & I suggested that he
have a conference w. the Comr & I told him
he meant that all this should be done
under its direct. He summed up this &
said it was just what he meant &
he would meet Comr well, & say so.
He said he was tired out & that he was
ready to quit.
I think he published this for political
193
purposes to get ahead of Burdick without ever
ministering of the consequences.
Our Cornell has been terribly hampered by
lack of support from our Lord Board &
the action of the Secy in almost the last
hour.
Nov 18-25
see Mr. ballowed my advice & had conference w.
cut. Denver Comr. I informed leaders on line
wh. he ballowed clearly. He asked how long
they old stay & they said about June 1, 1897. He
strongly urged them to go on with their work
& that by June it could probably be wound up.
This was in word. Knows.
the work. Knows we have a conference of citizens
of best concern & business. They all strongly urged
our going on and Board pledged support of
investors bankers associates. Both ladies ladies
all held our shield strongly in wound up
but that action of the conference had great
weight w. Comr & he really thought we
could furnish rule to 40% without new
legislation.
The next day we learned that Burdick
and ladies killed P.K.A. & N. Y. no further restrictions
could be required by our Board. This was
another blow on us. Their letter this
was true. But ladies men it could no longer
advise us on to capital restrictions.
I had at request of Bd written see Mr.
that the Presidt should delegate to him
