intended nationality and then said "if what
possible assistance would they do?"
the President of Pan Motor Co. is going to such
flourish. A Congressman wrote Stevens about
the Pan Motor Co & he replied from all
the vaults. The Congress, gives this letter to the
President of the Co who at once writes Stevens
demanding to know why what right he
had this.
I notified Glass Co. his letter would be
deceived announced that it could do nothing
better than offer him $1, by letter asking him to let
us know if he had any obligations. I
also had interview w. him. He seemed to
agree with us. I said - whose letter - must
it be could turn a page on a North Blue
sky Co. - we could cooperate in many
ways - never slaying in united Congress
decided the matter. He agreed with me
that there could be no chance of getting
such a Bill through Congress at this
session. Sen. Spivak also said business
some time ago.
224
225
Dec 18 word.
In Mr. Callard on Innuility & explained my plan
for crowding up Cob. Gov. Court and get keeping
it about in case President wished to call it
together again. I said I had written Glass and also
had told him it was well with him and he opposed
no objection. I added that as with an incident
Court I owed a duty to the President to report
to him all our plans, but I saw no reason
to bother the President about this matter entirely
or - Innuility - thought it advisable. He said
he thought my plan was a good one and
that there was no harm for communicating
with the President.
I also told him about Brown of the Cob.
State Court and his remarks about
any assigned for political work by the
Methodist and said it had got around
& I found an attack in Congress.
I told him Root had declined to accept
appointment in M.R.D. he said he was very
glad because he was a Republican!
He then asked me to look up Joseph B.
Eastman saying he might be selected
on Interior Com. Com. He was for years
secretary of the Public Health League.
I told him I thought he was a very
good man but would have him in
more carefully.
