10 allus that he could go to almost any extent
to injure them & this feeling has made me
very cautions as to what we should
say & resistent in confirming our remarks
to the Board & not to the unwilling public.
If we were to err in the statement on our
desire by warburg I am confident it
would haveillitated great confusion
& doubtful financially.
winning.
Orwich writes his Miller to 11: present himself
at British club. Services, see this time - Mr
Ball and Alex. Whitman.
Nov 26 Sunday.
see when Haurston took supper with me
Nov 27 Monday
Board met 11 am. Mr H. had emboldened
President stating that he had read our prepared
statement as to the P.O. &c. Notes and bank
obtained it, the only suggestion he would
make was that it was not strong enough
and could be made more powerful; that
he believed it most dangerous for banks
to invest in this kind of security as it was
not liquid & would prove very embarrassing
if there should be any change in our
financial policy.
Board then amended the statement to
make it stronger.
in it suggested an addition to the clear statement
of facts & conclusions in prochectus and address
to private investors to obtain all data etc.
desired would whether address to private
investors was responsible to President
exclusion. Mr Harding said yes it clearly
was; that President's remarks pertained
to private investors as well as to Banks;
that he specifically mentioned that bankers
have had brought a loan for much
less and some could bring out another for
hundred dollars & that prochectus failed
to show that loans were subject to
heavy taxate; that he - the President - had
obtained figures through our Amb. in London
showing that strength of allied countries
over 24 Britain today are embarrassed to provide
following Napoleonic wars & that the figures
showed a stronger condition today, but that
he was not satisfied with them as they
failed to distinguish between legend and
unliquid resources.
Mr. Harding also said President said of the
personally advised investors against
buying these securities it could be claimed
he was in neutral & that he was glad
& looked the Board would so advise.
Mr H. said our reference to private investors
was more moderate than President would
wish to see adopted.
Mr. Harding stated he was in contemplating temporary suspension of
the President in contemplating temporary suspension of
the President in contemplating temporary suspension of
the President in contemplating temporary
the President in contemplating temporary suspension of
the President in contemplating temporary suspension of
