46
in doubt; that the arrangement would cut
out the meddlers and would be of great
import in both countries; said he must
have no doubt that King of England
would accept agency.
State of the war; said danger was that
in every subject subject people in
every province of subject France or
in Africa and give himself what he
wanted to make the people insist on
peace; that France was weakened and
had already just shortened her lines to
France and extended hers.
I move of bitterness of English feeling to be
depreciated here; said they had never
objectively appreciated that we could
take an enemy from us without him
won.
Said that Lord Bryce had successfully
made British people think that his
personal opinions in America represented
representative of whole American
people; he fully appreciated the
American people as a body wanted to
make out of war.
At dinner he said Cardinal O'Carroll
had made better speeches against
war and that men were only
disturbed among the Englishmen in the
art and had done much to promote
47
interests of Britain.
I think of Mr. Britain's attitude towards us
in Civil War; he said Mr. Britain was the
in danger of a Democratic revolution and
that Seward and Sumner knew this;
that Seward instructed our Minister to
withdraw of Mr. Britain offered mediation
and told Mr. Britain that if a clash
between U.S. and him there would be
a British revolution which the British
ministry knew to be true.
Said that when Embody visited England
in 1862 he aroused great enthusiasm and
British Ministry arranged for his election
ment at County borough and by the
Queen to keep him away from the King's
cities where in the North where it was
found a revolution might break out.
He gave me the whole history of the
Russian Japan Peace Treaty. Said that
Japan wanted peace and that he in
desired an American revolution; that
Japan asked Roosevelt to intervene;
he declined unless Lincoln stood
up to him directly and that such a
letter was in existence.
Roosevelt then approached Lincoln
in person and said as minister of
