14 thinking of only one event but that it was timely a
conspiracy, internal question—that it was just
as if an engineer of a train saw must some
providence ahead on the track and came
slowly down the express in
I informed him to speak to Mr. Taussig and
ask him if he could have a talk with
Gen Harding & that I felt sure if he
assured him he would gladly talk with him.
He said he felt it was to damn with fire
he would let him of these men's part of
he would rather speak to Gen Harding. I said if
see I give this permission I would gladly
talk to Gen H. and ask him to see him.
I said that the matter of Legitidety for our
banker was first turned to our attention by
the statements in connection with the much
criticisms in which Kent and others wanted
Banker to purchase pointing out that
ultimately the money could be transmitted
from the old Republican bank and that we had to
take notice of this—I did not till been in
what manner we took notice.
He said undoubtedly such talk was the
result of human influence—I told him
Freedom old line been probably all about
that. He then stated discouragingly of Davidson
said he had all the arguments of the
older Morgan without his genius and that
he was always reduced to slack over.
15 I also said the U.S. Tribune stated that probably
1 billion dollars of these telegraphic notes would
be placed on the U.S. & the Board felt it was
unwarranted to put it to warn the Banks to
remain liquidated.
He said that he knew Taussig & Kuhn had to
work something as about all of letters two
events had intercepted.
He also spoke of a prominent businessman—I do
not remember his name, who was working
for Harding—ment the lead almost succeeded
in getting a treaty by vote. Success was to
well known in relation for Railroad interests;
that this man was sent to San Francisco but
had returned.
He said he should cable him that the
Res Bd would do nothing seriously as an
internal banking matter. I at once said
to cable nothing as result of my talk as I
had no right to speak with him & had
only said what our statement said. He
said I had already reached this conclusion
before seeing you & it is my own opinion
which I shall cable.
I said—so to Taussig & his will I can see
talks w. your family. He said Taussig knew
nothing—be only spoke as President Lincoln
ordered—that such action he had
never told him anything that he may
look orders etc.
I said he must see Harding, that he
would be offended & pretty as he
