Mr. Pardt, I called up Hinton and suggested
we call on chairman of the Civil Service
comm. He said he thought it would be an
idéal opportunity and asked me to send him a
certain firing persecution of his life, which
I at once did.
Later Sec Houston told me of the men in the
comm.: He strongly defended his resignation
to Pardt & the Pardt mentioned at Co
Houston who said Halloway was a drug
dealer & it was impossible to get along
with him; he said when he took Gen Pardt
he said -- it is unfortunate, I knew his
father who was a Bishop! He also said
the Pardt was still indebted to Gen
Halloway for this reason, but he finally
convinced him it would not do, and
the Pardt called for resignation of all
the other Comm's including Halloway.
Mar 20. Thursday, Smith to Sam, Miller did not arrive on his
boat in San Francisco, but he arrived in San Francisco
Wednesday
important conference in Texas City between
of Texas, Council.
Miller left for lunch about 1 o'clock; did
not return until 3.40 P.M.
Mar 22. Sat
continuation of conference.
Miller did not appear as he had gone
to Washington on the night of the 21st. He returned
279
March 27. Wed.
Gen. Stephen Wild and Gen. Wild dined with us; Sen.
Miller Kellogg and Hitchcock also. Sen. Hitchcock
said the Press statements that Wilson refused
to consider any amendments to League of Nations
plan were absolutely false; that W. said at
the White House dinner, at which he was
present, that while he did not think the
suggested Amends were necessary he did not
object at all to them consideration by the
conference. These Amends were the Annex
drafts, the rest to withdraw, immigration
etc. Gen. H. said Pardt said that unless one
amendt should be offered it would stem
up the office of other Amends and that
the draft in its present form represented
a compromise acceptable to the 14 Valens,
but that he would be glad to secure the
passage of the Amends, unnecessary as he
thought them to be; that as to the rest
to withdraw Pardt W. warned he was the
only member who, assumed that there
would be no withdrawal, that the other
Valens all wanted such a right and
thought the present draft gave it to
them. Gen. H. said he thought the Pardt
wild attempt to have these Amends presented
through some other Nation. Gen. Kellogg
