42
neccessary for him to tell Board he had read
warblings letter as it might embarrass
him if he had just discovered that the
letter was marked "Private". He told
him of this & he came in and expressed his
grief at what I had done. I advised him to
tell warblings tomorrow -- he is to be here
on 2 Novem or might 29. I think he was
considering vote at noon next his duty to
stand this letter in the files of the Board
and thus could not be in the Department.
He said he would give warblings, of course,
that he had stated to the Board that
he utterly objected to the remarkable
announcement.
He added such he had almost made
up his mind that the Board stood by
newspheets and vulgarized members remarks.
He said that Miller's present remained on
him to decide, and had been a year.
I told him that but, in his way to do it we
must & asked him to give me; he said he
could not but assured me diplomatically
to let him know what he believed -- was not
his reason & to tell me how he would better
use the Brown Bridge morning credit: also
to speak of the unfair point of the
British press. He said young Strong had
(because of health) had been quoted in
saying many bitter things about the
43
Board. He told me to assume a very friendly
attitude towards British, which he in
fact did, since he could not understand
the British policy on the British people.
I said I would take care of that.
I spoke of the change in feeling towards
him of Buness and said I would be
would avoid any such clash with
N.Y. generally. Must I wanted him to
get me a federal -- nominally in view of
the many suggestions of this name as a
Presidential candidate. He said he had
no such ambitions -- that such a thought
would disturb his wife.
He said confidentially he had made up
his mind not to remain in the Department
but I told him to go slow on this. He said
his position would be reconsidered
and everything he did would be charged
to presidential aspirations.
I told him he was a picturesque
character and that he would certainly
be prominent among those to be considered
for President.
I told him what he said -- that last
year Buness was supported by majority
of N.Y. merely to embarrass me -- that
in due time the fact of this would bring
other consequences or I would have to
