140
Friday, Dec. 27
Rudd Board of Slavery of matters - Em H very
indignant - said we should have N.Y.
bank to which Mr of Union Agent. Em H said
Vanderbilt some time ago said to him that
of any mutual dehonts made w. Bk
of Union he should write from N.Y. system.
that he could not stand such compromise.
I advised Holding matter up until
I sent proposed letter to Em H mines
working had seen this & said it was
too abrogated & it was thus remarked
which precipitated the outbreak.
Delano was quite irritable - said he
know nothing about matter & moved
it be returned to Em H - a slap at me.
I told Delano he knew all that
anyone knew - that every step had
been omitted by Board in his business,
finaally whole matter returned to Em H
& myself.
Meantime Barn Negato had called
Bd agreed at my suggestion that I
send letter but him off for a day or
two. I went in to see him. He said he
had finished a letter which would be
better than a letter of April & handed it to
me. It was a general declaraton of
intent cooperation but N.Bk of N.Y.
Board of Union in relation to gold shipments etc
141
was much relieved at his practical withdrawal
of suggestion of April for I saw at once that
this new move must go to sec. H, as it
were w. in his and not our jurisdiction.
I sent this to Holding & asked that it be
docketted.
Sat. Dec. 28
Em. H. said he encumbered in my letter & stated
I should send it which I did. (see
letter)
I then sent for Dr. Cunies - he said we still
order N.Y. bank to admit Bk of Union as Agent,
that the N.Y. banks towered in exch.
privileges w. Eastern empires on their
monopoly & were determined it should not
be relinquished with; that the Agent of
Phil. had not been able to sell a
single acceptance to N.Y. bank because
of their obstruction; that Nat. City bank
enbattled between banking societies and
were determined its business should not
be intereased w. by N.Bk.
The whole thing is clear to me - Em Slings
& Minnie said to me the bank would
do it - Minnie went home and Vanderbilt
it also ordered them not to do it - Minnie sent me a note (in cables) which
I thought meant yes but which was
simply damn, by refusing to accept a
Bk of Italy, & which really meant no,
