168
June 5. 1861.
Williams letter from Member. Refused to give Court.
I said Mr Williams or the Board ought to tell
President about his brother in law, Bolling.
Em H said that he had stated all about him
in his draft of letter to President giving the
combtition as his authority based on his
late to Mr Bolling & in his letter to Bolling
who he had had to the Board; that William
positively declined to allow his name to
be used as authority in his letter &
fulltter said we ought not to give the
President; that Mr Em H. Merriman omitted
this reference; that he sent a copy of
his letter to the President to Secy H. and
letter wrote a told all still about
Bolling & chief that he was absolutely
silent on Bollings employment; that he
did strongly contradict myself about Bolling
but said Williams was right and that
the President should not be told.
The Bd members feel that leaving told
these facts to the see of the President,
see in law of the President, the responsibility
for keeping these facts from the President
can practically be placed upon him.
169
It was finally voted to refer Members letter to
Court. Court to furnish notification to Equit. U. Co.
N.Y. in accord, w. our previous vote that
if the license to which sold was not complied
w. they present to us this arrangement made by
Equit. U. Co & M. Co of N.Y. and consummated
the license should be revoked.
I suggested it might be wise to await an
answer from President to Em H's letter lest
President might order us to do what Members
wanted and thus could put us on a
ridiculous position.
Em H replied that if the President received such
an order every director -- so Em strongly told
him -- of the N.Y. Mess Box would instantly
resign & Em H added that he also could
resign.
Em H said Mr Charles Warren.
on return from my western trip I learned that
C. W had resigned as Trust Ally Em. Warren
have an account of it. See Se. Br. vol 104.
I called him up & he came around to see
whether he found me a ruler in his own hand
giving facts. He sent a ruling favoring change
in law giving trial by courts declarative
in court of acts in U.S. which was not heretofore
known to Gen. Warren with a letter saying
he disapproved of ally Em as to rule of pure
criminal law. that law was, if rigidly
applied amiable, but that no Trust would
really be effective in law time except
