Board voted to remove Schwab and Hartmann to be
interlocutory division of Emery, Smith Co. Harrison
Nath Venuz., Ambrose Trust Co and Charles Wath.
Smith Trust Co. voted 2 No.: Houdy, warbler,
Delano voted 4th, in Hartmann vote.
Van Schwab 5th vote - Left only voted 1 No.
(Voted w. Miss MacKie) to meet in John's Lady Harrison
Jan 3 Wednesday
Discussed N.Y. Fed. Res Bank, condition.
Emery Houdy used Vice Rev. Herman question of
authority of Res Bd to announce decision on
Trust of England.
Warburg used excuse to make announcement
that if he had been in town could not have
been informed of the trust not been consulted
Delano pointed out that Bk. must have
acted by representatives acting to official
(They must have read them in necessary
papers however); that we had made
over in majority one letter to Jay
Incidental; said he believed between
Bd must have thrown down on destructive
and authority.
Sec U. said never would consent to
decide in such a matter. Will leave
immediate Board.
Warburg stated he did not take Vanderbilt
of this (He, however, voted to damn to
see strong matter Vanderbilt).
all admitted that N.Y. bank was not
running well and Sec U. said he felt
the strong held reserve as it was evident he
could not remain for a long time; that
he was a wealthy man, told offered
to resign; that he would be glad to vote
to mission salary so as to get the best
man on the board.
all agreed except Warburg. That the
Bank rather than his authority of
Res Board. Emery said Herman told him
that he had been apologizing for not
for last 30 days. That he also objected
to our votes on to Resolutions. It was
felt that it would be wise for the
Board to see more of the Members of
the Board.
Warburg said that although he was
in the N.Y. Court many other members
had "built in" and written letters to
N.Y. Bank, that Delano had written
more of such letters than all of
the other members.
Warburg as Delano was in the N.Y.
Court I felt this was a patriotic
move.
Returning from lunch picked up Delano
he was angry at Warburg remarks
