President could have a great voice when
which it might be directed & he would
ultimatically -- "that is correct."
It left no doubt in my mind but that
no President serving in Washington &
that courts abroad would bring this
about.
He then told me that he was arranging
to have the President land at Boston in
his return -- that he had been in V. Lacy,
very little & that this would escape him
very popular there. I said -- things are
at a very low level in Boston & certainly
still be dead. He added that the President
had believed strongly without in
part of Mass. to which I assisted
some one has evidently been trying to
turn me to the failure to select Meadors
successor for Mass. either he did not
say this, & let left no doubt in my
mind but that the President wanted
to do something to arrange for victory
in V. Lacy that he was a sectional
President. The suggested appointment
of astronomer for an illustate honor. Could
he will leave to bear this out.
Invaluable it one of the most useful,
disciplinarian men & their loss will
though Southerns he does not intend to
do. His whole manner towards me was
one of a superior to an inferior. He has
greatly injured the President by his necessity
and ingratitude.
Dec 19. Thursday
I have called up Judge Brandlin and told
him I had been asked confidentially as to
Joseph B. Cartman of Boston and that I
had said that in my opinion he was a
very fine able man, and I asked Judge B.
if I was correct. He said He in every way --
he is one of the finest, most reliable
skilled men in Mass. I told him I was
glad he was of my opinion. wrote strong letter
of recommendation to Governor
Reedow a very Savage note from Williams
complaining because absent of cab. Issues
come was sent to Congress with only 3
signatures. Said he had received
this I had learned that all his protests
had been made no effort had been made
to secure it. I brought it up at meeting
this Am. From said I secured it and
sent it over with instructions to send
it to Congress on that day Dec 2 -- that
this was late in Pd; that he & Ross
added their signatures and gave it
to Calh, instructing him to obtain Williams
