182
desire & will not appoint him. Wails, does not
think we the better but Harding, and me about
it. We made a great mistake in writing
you provided letter to Smith. It put him in a
dangerous position. He should have been at
Washington. If he had not written it would
have made it difficult for Smith to night
have submitted in his night time. The letter
was intended to put W. in a position where he
was in a jam. I wrote to him. W. told
him that he did withdraw or not write
some bit. It is the principle character. He
desires to play politics strongly. He is
very busy.
At 1.15 attended Dr Routier luncheon to which
at Irving & Vaag club. Present: Dr Routier,
Wamb. Andrews, DeLongfellow, Hough & Dorr.
in attendance. E.W.H. Hulme & myself. Let
me state that I am pretty sure of W.
if he accidentally omitted, Dickson omitted. He
told me he was satisfied he could or
confirmed by Senate that the Republicans
have been told often no obstructions; that
Sum. Wilchecop, Reed & Sulisburg had not
been sent for messages. He was very bitter
at Sec. Davis and threatened he would get
him with him.
I am really sorry he wont not appointed on
it is a matter of great difficulty & has done
much for the system. The trouble will
come in that he is an intriguer as shown
by his effort to cut down the Republicans
12 to 8 and his plot to oust me from
the Executive. His cunning, however,
overrached itself as shown in latter
part where he got the Executive on
me only to give it to Harding. Since that
entirely the line advanced much better.
It is out of every, thinks no one in Red
is but explicit himself, and is about
irreconcilable. He has, however, worked
hard & has helped in development of the
system. I fear he will attack me all
now that he is out of office.
At lunch today he said that there must
be centralized power either in U.S. or in
the Bd & he depreciated the former.
This is largely U.S. of two extreme variety
he wants to be supreme whenever he is
Lincolnians told me President was to give Elans to take
10 year term and Stevens the 2 year term. He
dictated letter to Elans begging him to accept
if offered & he added my name as joining
