212
himself on the Co.
I told McNary in answer to a question
that the House voted to have an
investigating but that they did not vote
to grant a license of investigation even
formal.
Dec 11. Lord,
Gov Harding at lunch told me Glass called on
him in the Ave. seemed distressed. Said he
had had no experience in admin. work & that
it was not essential to him. He promised a
desire to have Wallis take his seat and
he could not come at an anti Secy salary.
Harding suggested making him audit see & then
attaching him as a war in courts thus saving
him $12,000 per year. It said he would rather
to make a place for him.
Later H said Wallis who asked if it could not
be arranged for him to be present at all
Boe meetings, H said Glass was inadvisable
to have Wallis present as a sitting Court
would be intolerable.
Gov H will have trouble if Wallis comes
back in any capacity or so states Harding
for sitting on any case of two states
or see of his Board.
H. called my attention to U.S. funds of this sum
entailing a charge against Sec. H's account of
leaving $5000 to secure influence of a
high Admin. official in securing award
of submarine cables.
213
Dec 12. Thursday
Lunched w. Harding. He intimated that he
was thinking of resigning.
A short of a new circuit of Court. request
one to consult him accorded interest and
discounts hand but not yet carried. He said
the small boys old not courage with it.
He also said the Republicans could try to abolish
the Court. I said most of the
rentites we have had old be provided to
the Rev. Its well changed pulling Court. under
seal of secrecy. It would relieve many
of many troubles & the Court. is already on
Board & could bully up to him this action
to a Bill which had time enough to consider
him -- why you see, had not
since Mr. Benjamin Austin called. He said he was
satisfied that Mr. H. & the President wanted a
separate in the office of Sec. of War -- a man
who old dominate Congress; that he could think
is it been not to be chosen, Glass was the
best man. He said he felt that I could forget
so intelligently & as carefully as Glass.
I dont believe Glass will be a fighter at all -- he is
not too dishonest unless wound when he
can digest. The President has taken one of the
best supporters out of Congress in appointing
Glass & it will weaken the Democrats in the
