especially considering my absence in council
in the Fairhaven sword present also
when the & the Commissioners were our guests
the Club, also, when Gen Bertin & Anna
called a few weeks ago, simply sent
cards in return.
To day, however, he was very cordial
& I'd he had wished to give Anna her first
drink in Wash. in honor of her coming
out and that they would soon eat
and arrange it
at the Red Rose Bd meeting yesterday, see Rl. send
me a letter saying that before he left he
wanted to vote on a $20,000 salary for
Ex Wilmsy of M Bk of N.Y
considering that we wanted to do the
same months ago & that Wilmsy violently
objected it & attempted it, his present
attitude is satisfactory to say the least.
He evidently looks on matters differently
as he acknowledges his private life!
while the letter was being read Williams
- who is yet in Wilmsy in his former
office in Boston, looked thunderously his
hand nothing
Williams also objected to the short
reference in the coming Dec. Bulletin to
211
McAdoys resignation. He said the Committee
resolution was 4x as long. I explained
that Harding & Miller came into my office
late on Rll. just when Bulletin was going
to keep two of them was great difficulty
in getting anything in & Bulletin was willing
to let it go over to the Sun. number. Finally
a short but very complimentary resolve
was read by Harding & with some
changes by Miller was accepted.
Williams descended at great length at
the firm. sacrifices of Mr. H. He did
not seem to think that any one else
had ever made any sacrifices!
Dec 10. Sunday
McNally came down in Penn. via Coal
City. Some one sent me words of woulds
work on Del. attacking McNally's business
benefit as a second-rate & found out that
he was indicted. We voted in the Board
to have the Co. investigated by an accountant
& the work investigated by the full
Board.
McNally went upon the Co. Committee at 3pm,
later he called me up & I told him I would
be given a lecture if he would
be admitted favorably, in
conclusion that Business should
