26
Dec. 11. Monday.
On Harding said Williams sent two prohibited
announcement to the Board saying Walker had
with his approval & asking if he had any
objections to this he will bury it and that the
Board wrote Williams next to publish it as
he wanted quiet to consult Walker about it.
Dec. 12. Tuesday
During the morning. Mr. Roosevelt large dinner - Short
ambassador - Dutch Minister etc etc.
3.4 I will relate below his Mr. Roosevelt.
Last week in Porto at Longdon Harvors
wedding B. Grant Brooks Roosevelt says
to some people - cheering of my life then
seen - "They will not serve 10 years - it will
be a 4 year term - please all in front etc."
will miss Roosevelt then of the Lady in this case.
I suppose he meant - etc. of the Treasury.
Mr. Malloch Forbes lunched w. me - who
has Mr. Moser. Saw Inmanalty and asked if
Board or Mr. Wilson would not see him.
Dec. 13. Wednesday
During the morning. I went to Mr. Rhodes
& Mr. Wilson denied w. us.
From them Inmanalty sent me reason, he gave to
President yesterday as to his Forbes. On the
battlem was written in President's hand.
27
"am very sorry (underscored), I did not see the
until it was too late. W.W."
During with us here today and from day.
Fancher, Mc Donald, Van Zandt, Wald, Miller,
Mellard.
Dec. 14. Thursday.
The other day, in discussing Delano's proposal
of having State Box Ave. Members of the Re
giment Mr. Warburg in answer to a question
we reiterated the statement that he
would not object to all the Naval barracks
leaving system and again entering on
State Avenue.
In him. Ever requested conclusions as to
question we put to him, Mr. Hardings
obtained Warburg presided and made
bad impression by cross examining and
objecting to recommendations he did not
have when Mr. Wilson reported against the
advocate Member matter Warburg
reached him and 3 times insisted
that "we" (meaning Board, acknowledged
of the place, utterly ignoring fact that
I had vigorously opposed it. finally I
tried in and stated my views in
shorten. I said him, had never
