132 suggestin at first I thought it might be
a delicate way of intimating that he was
disinterested in my services in Res Bd. &
asked him if these duties would involve
negotiation for Bld. and be generally rejected
as cannot meet
Such he thought it desirable to send some
one to China to consider conditions there.
It would be very pleasant to go to China
if I were made Chief Ambassador but it
so difficult such letter to an ardent
country could be humiliating, & useless to
undertake important duties -- the working
an abstruse of model
Dec 7. Tuesday
Sec U. S. asked me to tell Baron Myfata in N.Y.
that he had not yet decided to ask
authority to sell any part of the silver
behind the silver collar; that if they
so decided, Congress must have expected
to prevent it, and that if this were done
in the interest & of the Baron we were then
to renew his request for author. to buy
part of this bullion, the Baron told
then that it careful consider.
asked me also to suggest to him that
Jackson on the present risk out of
the risk on silver or the risk of
quality advance & it might be use
133
to oppose all licenses for export.
I also told him in Strains about China -- the old of
Jackson's events rate what it could be very
embarrassing an silence remains now lapped
on & he of, as a good friend and of Jackson's
buy she could so drive up the price that the
mines could want for more than $1.
I was not able to see Baron M. immediately &
did not give him this message.
to both Sec U. S. he said he could write him
or if he did not I would please to him
de Boston
We had long dinner in N.Y. this evening. &
no business: I leave training Jackson
but not committing myself on any pending
question after the dinner he Smith Board
of about another said Myfata had
ordered an abstract of my letter to be
cabled to Jackson that evening.
Dec 11. Tuesday
Sec U. S. met me in city and said he had
suggested my want to see of State to go
to China. I told him Myfata did not ask
for any Emir participation in loans to
China & he said we may desire to
participate.
He was quite indignant in Res Bd for having
a resolution taken in Maryland. & Sat last evening
the Caldecott bill (Will Res Vote on certain
securities) and suggesting a Emir execute
to loan to savings banks and investments in
investment securities and acting for
