I still have thought Sec. S might also have
sent our will, otherwise considering that
when I was first appointed I did see the
whole out I should have tried the people
of Secy.
I see clearly many advantages in not being
deputed on the Senate, but nevertheless I
am very indignant that I was apparently
not considered at all, just as if I were
plainly unbetted on the Senate -- and perhaps
I am.
Blairs attempt will carry the North in the
South.
I feel that Bixby W. by not taking some
man from N.C. or from the North has
sold himself the Rep. Party on a general
in N.C. & probably in the whole North.
From now on Northern Volunteers fighting come
at the North and I give the Dem. Party
at the next election will go out of honor
on a general line that whole I ought to
be glad I am out of it.
From now on I shall devote my self to
building up the old Rep. Bd. or it must
go or will leave the administration to settle
the many difficulties sure to arise in
the near future as part of our
I saved the Pat from a conspiracy of
treachery & Delusion to which the whole
system, the present state of our political parties,
203
he wrote me only 2 weeks ago how it valued
my judgment in all matters -- and this is
my reward.
Wed. Dec 4.
Williams called me up in evening and said
that cannot come agreed with and would go in
tomorrow.
Thursday Dec 5.
Blairs name sent to Senate.
Mr Coffe named not sent in as member of
MD. Col. Sunday McCleod threatened for
White House asking 20000 initials so I
thought it would go in.
I have no personal interest in RPP -- I
merely recommended him well of his sentiment
feeling on the place, and believing that it
was really scandalous that the Delaw
variance had been so long unfulfilled.
Sec S is so suspicious of all accusations
not his own that I deschain of the
place even being filled.
This noon Mr Kelly came in and said he
wanted my petition -- I said I had
went in office but would give me.
That gives this request "conspicuous consideration"
the N.Y. Times in an editor. This man strongly
desired Sec S. I wrote the Secy that
his name could go down on the ablest
