238
listed to have our Court continue to administer
the business of Drum & Hopp Statements, especially
as to the injurious effect of Barmski statements
relaying commodities without notice to a
consultation w. Cap. Jones Court and his
representatives accepted our conclusion. He
added that he intended to ask legislators
for Empress & asked me to prepare a
Draft of statement to be issued by him
at the same time we issued our
statement.
Drum & Hopp then forwarded and sent me
a draft of statement. As originally drawn
it stated that all erroneous decisions
of Emile Nobing current still remain
in force. I pointed out that we had
injured many creditors as to holding
up stock since clearing loss of Court
etc. and that our vote to suspend
operations should be treated as the end
of life of Emile, otherwise grave
mistakes could be done at certain
hours & creditors could be laid up while
distinct competitors who had not
obtained to us old so ahead owed our
any restitution; that what I said did
not, of course, apply to fraudulent
or worthless promoters securities; that
239
to them we did not inherit them either
of course, if they event ahead we had no
power to stop.
Finally Hopp & Drum agreed to say nothing
as to hurt creditors but to arrange to
give power to loose who was to remain
in force, and to Chairman of Dist. Court
to hurt an end to any such creditors
when they deemed it just and equitable.
late in the Drum instructed me giving out
our debt today -- I could not find Williams
nor could he so I instructed him to
handle matter the matter immediately when
deputy old be shown to Williams & to the
seating of Emile. I said it would be
discouraging to publish it until they
had seen it. He said they called him up
late in the told him about it. I
told him at once to telephone Jay to
say nothing about it until we published
it here.
Dec 24.
Meeting of Cap. Dr. Court, Williams, Drum & I
present. We consulted announcement &
requested me to get Sec. Elias's approval.
I took it into his office and he read it
and authorized me to publish within
a statement of his own, published by
him by our Court, it to be released on
Thursday Dec
