See Lanning told me that he was clearly
right in demanding his requisition - that
he could have done so much under similar
circumstances. Sal. En. Jones said
nothing old be said for him except that
it was a mistake of the head rather
than the heart
I did not see him very often but many
stated his feelings otherwise - I was ready
to let him out, but he never asked
for it!
June 7, Friday
N.Y. & N.B. Res Bank today sold 2000 10% on
Mercury $100. 250 8% securities @ rate of $4.9125.
Then I wrote dispositive of Musket incident.
June 10, Monday
2000 H had letter from Bratt inotten telegraphic
from saying it was evident that the account
for Musket was the best that could be obtained
the incidents there were subject have been
dealt for them
June 25. Tuesday
Dr Miller said was going to take a months
vacation in Calif. Set him seeing was to tell
Jackson & his asked authority to employ
temporarily a man to set in his
office to attend to telephone calls;
he said this man was his chauffeur
and the Bd voted it.
Now to put it conclusively: Dr M is
always boasting about his wealth
and yet let him leave his chauffeur in our salary
roll to leave cash of him and avoid the
necessity for paying his wages himself
whilst away! Do not deny some one
should earn for his telegraphic calls but I
despise of the poor taste & lack of
firm sense of honor this honorable
shows. If any one else had done this
Dr M. would have thundered in his
endemnities. As I remember well before
he had his watchmaker put on our
rolls under somewhat similar
circumstances (see September 2. 78)
Dr McAdoo has been away for some
months. Dr Willis told me his delay
classified letter from Dr M. went to D. J on
examiner & that certain items were
found in his throat etc. the Bd said
had not put down into his lungs &
he was ordered to go to the mountains
for rest. I fear this loop like tubercu-
lous! Poor man.
June 28
Delaney wrote letter to Board saying he had expressed
form B&D accepted position as Mayor having
charge of 1000 matters under him. President
Board found an approximate resolution.
