had learned from a confidential source that
his appointment was generally known in the
navy & was causing comment. He
will assert: War. Delano, Govt. Willis &
myself. to my amusement Willis & Delano
defended Miller & said they thought his
action was probable: their narrow band
of fact that 1) Miller had his stay less
than other members & thereby saved money
for Govt; 2) that Miller loaned his stay
to Jacobson while he was away, thereby
saving money to Govt; 3) that if Miller
had wished he could have kept his stay
in his office thereby costing Govt less salary
altogether nothing for him to do; 4) that if Miller
was all right to put this man in at
65 his month. Delano said he had tried to
find work for him but as his arm was
broken in two places & was inflected he
did do nothing; that he did some work
e.g. called at Miller's house on the
mail brought it office. I said if
Miller had had him a miserable
salary - 65 his month, would not
have been so bad & I would leave it as
a question of good taste, but 65 seemed
to me outrageous. Delano said Miller
179
would probably take matter off when he
returned & perhaps might return part
of salary.
I said Miller was open to serious
attack & that the Board also injured
or distressed. Warb & Delano said of
attacked he did represent himself
completely & they cited fact that
enforcement had been so dull
little work. Govt H. remained silent.
Willis told me Miller had objected me
to any member of Bd sending out
messengers in errands, he was so
conscientious!
As to member, & Dr Willis said I was
right, 2 years ago Miller had been
whiskerwoman with as a secret
woman, just before, I think, he
went to California (Union. p. 98)
July 18th
Delano said he had just read letter from Dr Miller
to whom he had delegated assuring that his
character Smithson be reduced to 60 his
month which Del. said was now the
way of messengers. Bel so voted, Del.
saying Miller could fix up amounts
already paid about this.
1-30. Bad Delano said bye as he leaves tomorrow
