He then informed meeting & put whole public
to council as to further investments of
Bonds in for securities; also as to any changes
from gold investments etc etc.
waiting.
Mr Judge Council & Res Board desired in Warburg
Nov 21.
Thursday, Advisory Council reported on our gentlemen
P.M. Dr Willis made draft of investigations on
the Paris. It was so startling as to direct
activity etc etc must have almost precipitated
a panic.
Board went over to Harding & McWilliams
obtained a Correc in House to receive a new
statement and give it out
Nov 24 Friday
Meeting Board. Decided to send each federal
for Agent a letter as to proceedings at meeting as
Advisory Advis Council especially as to banking
of Board as to bonds investments an amalgamated
downs which proposed British, exch., notes-
allies latter with Steelif. unaltered.
Mr Harding referred to article in Times am
N. Y. Tribune announcing probable offer
of such exch. Notes. En H called out
Davidson -- N. Y. He was not but answered.
En H said had read Tribune -- Short Board
subscribed when Davidson last sat.
asked me for a further interview. Mr
1st must have made life / billion dollars; this or
more in public statement of our Department
no action could be taken before said intervention.
Summit sued Tribune article went too far.
En H said Board might deem it its duty
to assist Tribune statement as to danger of
bonds investing in such securities. I
said if Bd went to court and they insisted
have to change their plan. He said
invest would be offered before Dec and
then only 10 or 15 million dollars for bond
60 to 90 days or Best. En H objected to 30 days.
En H said, maximum on Davidson deal the
Board then committing to case between them
and tell them their selection he felt it only
proper to leave it that the Board might
later act.
I asked what no action be taken without
letting them know? En H said he would
what it was requisit to his colleagues.
It was then voted that En H tell the
President the selection.
Mr Elias called during meeting and
said we owed it a duty to the business
to warn them of such investments
as they really amounted to almost
leaving part in the war
