2122
confidence he will withdraw his delegates
from it as it has become utterly an useless
consequence; that the U.S. did not become as
silly but merely incorporated with the Allies as
shown by language of members; that the
U.S. is not interested in defensive boundaries
and refuses to withdraw until the conference
lasts up the question of the Peace of the world
is over, about the U.S. is interested in
obtaining this treaty and promptly bring the Allies
to terms & will conform to the Resolves in the
Senate, who, I believe, are hostiles to
this blot against Wilson. Secret diplomacy
is getting in its final work. I believe the
Senate Republicans still to ask for direct treaty
any have communicated with the Allies on
this question.
I can see a great rival here who may carry
the coming elections for us & break the Republican
Party.
But the work.
Last week Brown of Capt. Lie. Com. & was in
Washington & called on Williams. He did not
even call in Capt. Lie. Com. &. Williams was
very indignant but his want was not
allotted to Wheat of Capt. Lie. Com. & sent
to Congress, a sketch was left on us
signatures & I signed it as Election and
sent it to Hoff. Hood & Brown signed it and one
sent unknown name did not send it to
Williams who was in his office but sent it
direct to Speaker of House. On learning this
I forwarded a letter to Speaker saying that
all names (except Brown) be added as
requests. Williams said it must be sent
to Brown first to obtain his authority to
add his signature. I informed fully to him
at meeting of Council that Brown had had
nothing to do with making the request as
he had absolutely neglected his duties
and that if there were any more delay
the Public Printer would print the sketch
without any other signatures. He still
insisted that it must be sent to Brown
and this was done. Brown never
acknowledged even the receipt of the
letter, nor, so far as I know, did he
give answer letter of Hoff suggesting that
he should resign. As a result the
sketch was printed by Public Printer
with only 3 signatures. Williams must
have known for this.
Last Sunday evening we gave a dinner
to Gen. Miles Sanilburg. At dinner he told
Baker that he went to the President to
urge him to trust some senators on
the Peace Comp. that the President
223
2123
was in his office but sent it
direct to Speaker of House. On learning this
I forwarded a
letter to Speaker saying that
Brown had had nothing to do with making the request as
he had absolutely neglected his duties
and that if there was any more delay
the Public Printer would print the sketch
without any other signatures. He still insisted that it must be sent to Brown
and this was done. Brown never acknowledged even the receipt of the
letter, nor, so far as I know, did he give answer letter of Hoff suggesting that
he should resign. As a result the sketch was printed by Public Printer
with only 3 signatures. Williams must have known for this.
Last Sunday evening we gave a dinner
to Gen. Miles Sanilburg. at dinner he told
Baker that he went to the President to
urge him to trust some senators in
the Peace Comp. that the President
