I agreed with him. He is supported not fully
strongs letter. I said this would never do
and that it could be better to let Strong
know that he was really attacking the
President & that this he might use to
withdraw the letter. He said Strong knew
this perfectly.
Fairly I omitted that En H. consult
with Sec. H. before any answer made.
I believe S. is laying foundation for a
political attack on President & that said
should be advised. It was finally agreed
that En H. should see Sec. H.
late this 8th. The case. Lincoln came was
confiscated by the Senate
As regards Musket the following facts are interesting:
On Dec 28, 1917 the Bd refused him a license to
sleep gold. On Dec 29, he employed John Renselle
Balling the President's brother in law as Advertising Manager
at $5000 per year, thus not to interfere w. his work
as Adler Manager of Civil War bonds. Balling began
work on June 1, 1918. On March 14, 1918, he informed
the President directing Board to issue the license.
the late afternoon of March 14, En H. notified
Musket that license would be granted.
On March 15, a letter from President confirmed
Turner's telephonic message. The same day
Musket notified Balling that Corporation Co.
must cut down expenses & that his usefulness
would cease after, 8 March, April 30. (Sec 3rd page) 161
and February 16, 1918.
Turner came up before Board of Irving formal
lecture to Musket. En H. said he would deal
only w. the Board who will campaign
Musket & that we should permit him to
spend or cash make this gold. Turner
asked as to whether to take Sec. Musket, who
was then ill, or the President, as to about
forty. Finally voted to have En H. have
this up w. Section Leffingwell & to send
out formal notice.
I then showed w. Leffingwell. He said the
Board agreed with me. license should be
granted & the withheld by letter saying the
Leffingwell showed me copy of En H's
letter, in name of Board, to the President
& we both agreed that in that letter
the President did not have decided opinion.
I had never seen the letter
as I was away on Feb. from Chicago
when it was sent.
Leffingwell said he probably would soon
ask Board to sleep at least 10 millions
gold to shame.
Leffingwell also said that to refuse Musket
could have been to hurt his Co. into
involvement, entailing a large loss in
the business, & that this might do great
