2 Washington in day suit telegraphed telephoned in
from D. J. just able the elect to win Hughes
his congratulations but that he believed that
he was not yet satisfied that Hughes was
electd
A few days ago Willis said Washington had
just told him he had written to Stearns
that it was inevitable that we should
have a central bank -- that the directors
of the Fd Resbk must not be to manage
them
But week Nov. 13-20 Delano & Harding requested
in purchase of a site for Atlanta camps. They
said it was done in order to participate in
directs and to prevent any future indebtedness;
but the site was not a secure one, but was
shown here the directors were influenced
by East director Col. Brown who owned heavily
next to borrowed sites and who used his influence with
to the President to give away the directors etc.
I suggested hastening action for a Bull meeting
of our Board, which was agreed to.
Write. and
Board with Tom Burke. Present: Zimmerman. Ch. & wife!
Samuel Amb. & wife: Dr Roth of B. Logan. Architect etc.
Nov. 18. Board at 12.50 am
35
Nov 19. Saturday
arrived at office 10.30. Harding sent me word
that Davidson of Willingen & Co was in his
car & he wanted me to come in. went in
& found a meeting in full progress immediately
had him in Mayes on sent him.
Later I learned Davidson had Telegraphed
working two days before but no notice
had been given out. Willingen was not
present
Davidson said he asked no ruling or decision
from Mr But. merely asked to let them know
facts as to proposed issue by But. End of
100 million 4%th. Notes announced. Said he
believed them a solid investment by our
banks & that they would certainly be
paid at maturity.
Long discussion. Davidson said But End
was spending 10 million dollars per
day in U.S. Arranged to have only
10 million securities each month. End
had 500 millions in gold in Canada.
Said our Banks must have their
Notes or trade will stop. Secured
pretty shocked when information
was given that purchase better to
have a succession of trade than to
have all our Bills & securities which
