why he had not told us when he
required. Then suddenly he asked us who
stood he his successor. Strauss refused
to confirm it & see it asserted what I thought
he said L. was a very brilliant man &
that he had the honest. See M. said the honest
man L's obligations were all Robert.
and he was ready to large opposition
of cabinet; that the Democrats would
hazardily throw in favor on him absolutely.
He then asked me what I had to offer.
Grand Carter Elkins & see M. furnish him
for 3 or 4 minutes. He said doubt that he
was a Southern man except against him.
He also said the man must be a quiet
clean character, not who would defend
adventures in politics or slumbers. He was voted.
Apparently, Sec. M. has never thought it
not in that circuit. I should think
that fact that we had elected a Demo
cratic Senator & that New Troy had no other
representative in cabinet, or even an anti
see club, and that the tariff was turning
us as a great issue, or who I did
finally came to be an expert, he would
at least consider my name. However,
I know him so well, I can run him
well not very so, even if he had not in
mind, balloting him cannot relate to
197
the 1st Res Bat.
late Sat. evening Nov 23, Brigm. Newton sent me
a special desw. letter saying he ought to be
absent and offering to take rank.
I wrote see M. a mail letter saying his name
would go into Kentucky ahead of Hamilton
as the ablest Secy. Country has ever had;
also that Kentucky an int. to send Abbott.
Nov 27. well.
The Public Register, Phila. states that the President
of Sec. of War, Lieut Col. Carter Elkins
and myself in. the difficulty strongly in
any favor. See Sec. M.
Nov 28. Thanksgiving Day
Sec. Houston played fool with me in P.H.
very much distressed over Peace Negotiations.
Said the mystery of Brust was injuring the
courtesy; that the combination of the Peace
Negotiators were in several respects scandalous;
it was too much a family matter; Brust &
Alvin Wilson, Alvin Wilson, Col. Stuart, two men
in law, see all Andrews see etc etc. He said
Henry White could be a ridiculous asset; that
he would be glad to go as a valet; that
him was needed a man with a sword.
of combat. Kentucky; that Col. Stuart never
either of dut. law question & of Kentucky:
whether dead standing
also said Brust had determined to stay
about united all negotiations were satisfied;
