Dr Miller told Board he should pay back to him all
salary paid him throughout, Smithson. He gave
a long winded explanation as to why I
paid him; so he had saved money for him by
paying his salary a lower salary than I
paid; that he needed some one to sit in his
office to attend to mail, telegraphs etc;
that Smithson had broken his arm while
on his service thus his own carelessness; that
in stead of demoting him as most would
have done he tried to keep him (at great
expenses!); that he took him in at $5 per
month till he did not want to give him
sixth salary as a negro messenger; that he
was most responsible in all matters, very
busy since of office, headquarters etc etc; that
he believed me often blundered in Bel
gian 45th as much to clarity as he did etc.
Ever so satisfied that he returned to him all
over a messenger salary. He said he held
upbound all, and he does not return it.
I stated the facts—that he was ever found
sleeping on the sofa & often smoking a
cigar & reading the newspaper; that I had
received confidential information that
his absentness was getting much comment,
that he was not carrying over a
messengers salary etc. I said I was trying
to mollify Miller as well as the Board.
I think he is about the most hypocritical
man I ever met. All his high professions
are broken up applied to his own conduct
he has entirely defamatory rules from them
to apply to others.
Aug 6. Today
No word as to Warburg's substitution-
Williams says Tunnulty sent word to
work. Court will not answer his
letter until Wednesday next.
Thursday. Williams seems confident he
will not be substituted.
Last week Brown told me Selden said
a man told him that Brown told him
see Mr. Brown had offered the 2 year term to
Mr. Wilkel to term. Brown.
I can not believe this nor does Wilkel.
Brown has only been here about 1/2 of
the time since his affair in Cuba.
the Cannon. He seems to be of fair ability
but is not interested in this work.
His absence has thrown a terrible
burden on the other members.
Warburg has expressed himself at 12 P.M.
12 P.M.
The Court has written words, a letter to Court
that he can not deliver in terms of
his letter to him that he refuses to be
violated & that he absolutely refuses to be
