from this I understand that he had made up his
mind to appoint him, but let us so slightly
pay any attention to the President has left it entirely
with the train -- he acted & flatly said as if he
was the President.
He has not taken me into his confidence
about Ross nor about anything else
relating to him.
The manner towards me was very ill-treating
but I am convinced he knows that a meeting
has been done out & is ashamed to look me
in the face.
I must much sympathize with Williams. He is a
very able man but because of his disapprobation
he is suspected to be sick of the Treasury or
even Court, of the Treasury. His wild, enthusiastic
democratic views always seem barred out by
the President & see he (either see he has often
expressed regret at things he has done.)
He has been very discourteous to the K. R. M.
& never consults them before making
recommendations & doing things etc. applied
our system.
He has repeatedly told him in our presence
never to make an announcement or
recommendation without consulting us but have
often after leaving the train
209
against them. Instead of seriously considering him
as an subordinate official, the President sees
he has passed him on the back. Even
when see does have to reverse him -- why
only because he has not done it in such a way that Williams thinks
he has sustained him.
As a result poor Williams does not know
"whether he is right or wrong." If all his trust does
reflect, why should he not be made see of
the Treasury? From the point of view
mine is no answer.
I firmly believe he is so injured and humbled
at Eliot's appointment that he will not
use or be willing to use his influence
in Washington to secure his return to the Senate.
When his term expires.
In any event if he is appointed I believe
the Senate will be reluctant
to hold him up until the Rehobethan
council is finished.
He is now going to meet at Grant's house
at Park Councillor of
State debt to meet Prince Hutchinson. The cabinet
follows upon their heels.
I was rather distressed by the job. Amb.
did not invite me to the dinner to the
Prince last evening. As a friend of
Johnson & I am one of the few friends
here, I think he should have done this.
