while admitting that I had spoken in a
complimentary way of Tallinger said I had
strongly advocated the election of Gen. Walker.
I at once wrote Tallinger this was not true
and enclosed an editorial from Conrad Point
of which I catalogizing my sketches in the Engineer
department -- a Republican baker. Also told Tallinger
I was afraid my criticism of Gen. Keyes and
himself might equally be misunderstood.
(see all letters filed in office.)
When telephoning of bill from alternate, Smith
said Cooksey wanted to leave with me -- he
said my name was to go in as Clerk of
Cab. Times Comm -- this was the first I had
heard of it.
March 29. Monday
Harding said Washington was furnishing at most
being made claim of cab. times Comm --
at his demand asked to furnish new collector
he was to be robbed & made Gov in April.
He let wanted to have an exc. Comm so
Board appointed to do all tax. of Bd -- the
Bd to meet formally only once a week.
March 28. Sunday
Provided at Rib. town meeting at transit of
the Elector Col. Speerhann, the U. President &
other stores.
157
May 1.
During past year we have had persistent application
of a Gen. Wheeler of Pennsylvania oil co. for author-
ity to export gold to Shain. Instead of exporting
it when it was allowable, by securing
credits in Shain he held matters along
until Embezzled placed in gold. To pay his
debts by bringing up change now would mean
loss of hundreds of thousand dollars
and could bankrupt him. It was carried
along by work. Phila business who still
have insisted on him carrying his losses.
The Board gave him a careful hearing
& warned, voted that it was against the
Natl interests to permit him to export gold.
One day he told Gov H. that he would
get permission all right as he had bribed
the Rolling the Presidts brother in law, as
his manager.
While I was in the West, the President
wrote Gen H. and exhorted us to treat
Board with grant permit which the
Board finally did.
The object to granting permit were that
many others had to buy exchange in Shain
to pay for rubbers at a very heavy
cost & it was unfair to them to grant
permit to Wheeler for sale reason that
by credits he had been able to purchase
hay enough. Granting this application
