had openly stated to Public that it must
permitted the Bk to appoint a Secretary
as its Agent; that it would have had to
state this in its coming report to any
get it set up to state it now.
H. also said Mr N.J. Ames had one interview
with Vanderbilt who said he had thrown
up this contemplated action & approved of
B and old say no more now.
H. said he believed all the favored N.J.
congressmen knew this. Our strong effort
the Bk was bound to let the Senate
have it. (Sth p.37)
In the morning while sitting to Davis' house
But. Ambo. The room was in my face and
I did not recognize him until he had
passed all the be looked at me closely.
dates & telephoned from my office &
told him I was really more valuable
than I seemed -- he said he had
hurried me. He then asked me whether
very much to have an opinion with
me & I suggested a family dinner.
He asked me to come Berlin to Atlanta.
Lady Irving Reed and any date they
could agree on would be most
pleasing to him.
Later Reed & Lady Irving Reed agreed
on Sat. of this week.
32
and the Senate came in to talk about
thing. He said he cannot not to be stopped
but that he had no one to offer in
his place. Said his past political career
was unimportant & he stood now here
and originally appointed.
I told him when asked if I did not know
now his position -- he said this was
true & never of me knew it: that
working was really responsible as he
gave Board a number of telegrams
from bankers strongly indorsing him; that
he did not even know that Gen. Reed
was his friend until after his death.
Reed called in behalf of Herrell.
I answered him that I would not take
attitude on Herrell only after his death
and that Smith & I voted against
his designation as Div. Sec. Res Agent.
Next as I had told her I would (when
Reed came just to meet me) I as long
as 2 or 3 weeks ago) the question before
us now was a different one on
the only subject; that Herrell
with me he had no chance to make
efficient performance of
his duties as Director; that when
