242
Drum sent over copies of 2 letters sent no
not received by column -- to the late Simon
Curtiss: 1. dated Nov 30, from Brown to Mr Adcox
welcoming resignation from cabinet. His letter +
answering Mr Adcox to send it to Brady, asks
that resignation leave Robert Nov 30, 1718.
2. letter, or rather copy, dated Dec 10 from
Mr Adcox to Brown, acknowledging Brown's letter
& saying will transmit resignation to
President. Francis Brown in respectful terms.
Says, among other colossies phrases:-
"You have seen the was through and you
have done your part lest a little
patriot. You can take back to Louisville
both the consequences of service admirably
and unselfishly self honored"
considering that last summer Mr Adcox
agreed to call in Brown for his support
because of his utter neglect of duty
continually absent from Washington,
and considering Brown's statement
out of our irrepressible force that Mr Adcox
had detailed him for cabinet. his, comes
to recent election of Genl. Lincoln
journal & recent election of Genl. Stanton
in Kentucky, -- I am amazed that
Adkxox old writes such a letter as he
puts every statement in it was taken
243
Dec 27. Monday
Andrew Peterson, Mayor of Boston sent Col. Simon
Curtiss two very important letters about its
decision allowing Petition of Sheriff Killiken
of Suffolk County Jail to miss 15000 bonds for one
hospitable addition to the Jail. He said he had
never heard of this petition against Killiken
total sum of its atttival in Dec. 18. He further
unquestionably said our Court had been "broad
considered" in the matter. We thought it was
advisable to call Andrew down so I wrote
him a letter characterizing his letters as
discourteous and promoting out in violent
language that his statement that he
first knew of the petition in Dec 18 from
Sheriff Killiken was not true, as very
likely of the Boston Courier in Dec 9 wrote
that Petters had told him the petition filed
by Killiken ought not to be granted.
We decided in view of his statements to
grant our decision & so wrote him &
Killiken.
Andrew was cleverly playing politics; if
we had not called him down he could
have wasted of his esteem of our
court, what he undoubtedly would have
to tell this petition such words & our action
placed the responsibility directly on him
which is the least thing he could expect.
Reversibly, I believe that some one
