276
of the City Council. He would not geted money
and no money was no governor willing
to be done. Gov H. said he would ask
see Elans to be at meeting and later he
said he had seen Elans who said he was
satisfied to. was misbri'd by malvolione
but, N.Y. City Bank; that Williams had
deceived him to the utmost etc. etc.
Mar 12. Lord.
Meeting at St. Elan office. Williams read of hate
from Washington about throwing down Nat. City
Bank and trust use in the Russian State Bank,
an amount exceeding its capital stock.
He asserted from this that the Bank should
go slowly as to new branches, all the rest
of us felt that these branches were most
desirable & finally we voted against obliteratin. He
succeeded in holding the matter up
for some days and then seemed to
satisfy him.
Some days ago Mr. Houston told me that
he thought the Presdt had been very
lucetless in not putting Root and Looff
on the faculty of National Comm & in not
consulting the Senate; that these men
would have taken out of his hand if
proper tact had been shown
277
then P.M. Mr Elans told me he was thinking of
appointing Mr. Brooking in the N.Bd and
asked my opinion. I rather favored it. I
said I was told that he was a great
latter. (means lawyer well told it he was
limited to resign from the court house seat
because B. Cathed is inactively). I told
that he was such a good man -- and
also a Republican, that we old leave the
post. Elans said he had offended the
governor to Hoff. Dawes, Furniss, Woolsey,
and 1 other Republican and all had declined.
He said he offended it to Sherley who also
declined. (Sherley has just been appointed
under N.R. Admin at the scandalous
salary of $25000 per year.). He said he
also offended it to of businessmen
who at first accepted it & then
declined and now was disinterested.
Elans said he really felt Miller still &
asked to resign and he was doing little
work in the Board; he was very
indifferent at his party, often a week's
vacation leaving Gov H. & myself alone.
I told him I had advised Mr Miller
when Meekdos wanted to remove him
but I confessed I had almost reached
the limit.
