Board but letter to put 2 years into stocks.
Mr Harding said had talks w. Treasury and
said very important to have 5 minutes later
in. President new foreign credit situation, necessity
of not rein saying that he would announce
later. No word was received from him during
the day and late in afternoon Board voted
to end the letter.
After this Summit telegraphed that his
firm would announce tomorrow morning
that the Cyc. Note issue would be a
limited one and not unlimited as
quoted by N.Y. Tribune.
Harding I asked Compt. for list of foreign
securities held by N.E. Bankers - w. a view to
buying their note w. the 7th Res Bank.
No 2 S. Sat.
Mid day in morning and went over letter or
reading a statement for insertion in the Bulletin
along lines of 4 facts letter. Washington furnished
a draft colb. to my mind even obnoxious
to Alexis - it was complained of the
protectionist of their loans (unnecessary
to Russian loans) as futile and misleading
and laid down rules as to what facts
the offering Bureau should state in
the proclamations. It also admitted that
consolidation in purchasing the British
of Chicago Notes would cause any
effects to have effect, but said that
as to certain effects (munitions, I
said how) it would be a good thing for the country?
interested in sitting out all about proclamations
as unnecessary and also as to the Notes
as investments from want of view of
individ. investors, and pointed out that
at the interview w. Vanderbilt many of the
Board - especially Mr Hillier - said they
were a first class investment except to
500 millions.
Delano wanted out that the reference to
falling exchange being beneficial would
give the embargo advocates a great
weapon.
The President sent word he would see
Harding at 2.30 and finally we had the
profound draft in rough shape on the
President to see.
3. O.M. Rev. H. said had seen President who
said he agreed w. the Board that great
edition should be exercised by the Banks
in existing in their Notes; that he had
looked the Board would make a public
statement but he did not feel like
suggesting it; that he would read the
proposed announcement and return
it with suggestion Monday.
Washington is in 7th heaven of delight;
while he later family I can not but
but he is so prejudiced against the
