and could not expect his vote from a 18th amendment
that 3/4 of their acres had been redeemed
to M. Bos. Leffinger said the banks still
get rid of their ineligible acres & that finally
the war was
Williams brow beated & insulted Stanley
and ranners were whispering & laying all
the trouble cold bear. That 3/4 was a
serious vote of interest that see it decided
that blue & West. Said M. Bos must go into a
redress hands voter than they even 6th
on its obligations Electe.
The Tob. Co said they did not make the vote
that if Bos. Co. would agree to take their votes
and not offer them until after sub. from
decreet they could be practically satisfied
even the the interest vote might have told
better.
Stanley said unless some cataclysmic shift
intervene the banks could undoubtedly
place their votes but he could not offer
positively in advance to do this. he said
they did not place them between Nov 22
of they before only after sub. from closed.
Tob. Co. finally asked if M. Bos. Co. would agree
that if a new act of interest could well
found use. it could well that the acres
were eligible for redress. he said they must
ask Res Bd as to this.
Finally we adjourned until 2 P.M. when Tob. Co
create us a letter to which we replied
we called Richmond civil not combat. we did
intervent at present time but, of Feb. 2000
but I'd we could - after Feb. 2000 -
we are in civil along lines of present action at
reason rates of interest etc. We told them
that if M. Bos. Co. would to rule that new
acres would be eligible they would come
back & renew their application.
I firmly believe that at recess they had
fixed matter w. Stanley whatever the M.
Bd might rule.
Leffinger was very indignant that
they sent that message to us then Williams
& not through him - said he felt sure
they had not been fully informed by
Williams.
It is another instance of see M. Bos.
influenced by terms behind backs of their
associates.
The whole remit felt they were bound
by the Act to do effect of the vote.
Before we did reach Sec. M. Bos. had gone away
on a 2 weeks leave "gaining terminado"
He was doing nothing about Res Bd application.
he is utterly neglecting his duties in this
matter.
During a reply the other evening I demanded
from the other requested by Sec. M. Bos. -
he seemed broad minded & fair & prompt
see M. Bos. that in my opinion he could be a good
man.
Sept 6. Friday
Williams intimated to me that they
