informally to speak to officers of his R. Bk of N.Y.
when Rev. Munson, Brady & Woodward were
down last week & spoke to them and they
all said they knew Directors would be glad
to appoint Bk of Justice on Agent's the back
to be announced and details to be arranged
later. Also spoke to Rev. Sling at lunch p.m.10
to Mr. Munson, new Rev of Boston Bk -- he also
said no doubt at all about it. He also
said the details would have to be carefully
worked out & it would take a long time
that if court was not taken the appointment
would soon over cry with. He said however
the appointment would surely be made on
understanding no action contemplated at
present & details to be worked out at the
convenience of the parties. He added that
it might be advisable to send an expert
to Jackson to work out details & that he
would like to go himself.
Later Rev Munson wrote me the 12th. Could
well be glad to enter into an arrangement
similar to that w. Bk of Justice, etc.,
both he & Rev Sling said was an Agency
but nothing at present to be done until
Feb 23, Monday
Met Baron Misata by appoint at Sheridan
with him Attorney matter was all right
but could write him a formal confirmation
letter that now. He said he wished a letter
to be could cable it to Jackson.
He assured him the matter could be now officially presented. I suggested a letter to State Bkst. He
thought this was better way & so did myself consult
ambassador. Later he so. Ambs. thought it
better not to negotiate thru State Dept as it
was not a diplomatic but a purely
Bank matter.
I then forwarded draft of a personal letter
to him which the members of the Board
and Ell. Mr. Ador addressed. Handling in a
return addressed to draft asked if I was
sure N.Y. Bank was all right. I said Yes
Rev Y. Bank so written out.
At matter of courts called up Rev Y. in
N.Y. Bank was out at lunch (1 PM). Read
draft to this effect & asked him to call
me at 2.15.
at 2.15 Sec. Curtis called me up -- set up. Court
had certain changes to suggest -- drive out
Agent and correspondence etc.
I expressed great satisfaction -- asked how to
define "correspondent" as Baron Misata
would ask its meaning & he was to meet
Sec M. at 2.30 when I was to give him
the letter.
Curtis could not show debbonence between
Agent & Correspondent -- said he would
writ me.
Write into Sec. M's office -- Misata was there --
looked him not clear attitude of N.Y. Bank
as to Agent or Correspondent -- He said
Correspondent would not be satisfactory
and I would take matter up w. N.Y.
Bank this seemed to satisfy him.
