I then spoke of Sen. Knox's attack on the
unboiled league of Volunis in the Senate
which was made this day, & never
had it in the union, thus in my way
to annulty. I said it would as of the Hiller
from the streets in the Senate had
stacked the cards against union in
announcing, if the union is true, that
they will unanimously opposed to
having in the treaty anything looking
towards a league of Volunis a fusion of
the states. I added that if this were true
I trusted the President would quietly run to
the allies that he & his delegates hold at
once withdraw from the conference and
retire home.
Annually then became very excited and
said that in just the President's opinion
the vote in the Senate was in this
very matter. He said to me "you know
more about political psychology than
I do" and he asked me as to the best
way of accomplishing this if events
made it necessary. He said "I explained
to him the necessity of having the whole
word made clear and thus at the
psychological time to strike."
I told that yesterday (Monday) 10.7.91
said that Senate was rather mixed up
to run its views against a league of Volunis
or at first the Senators all seemed to want
to do and I informed the officer that the
real reason on any such change of policy
was that they felt the unpopularity already
given their views had accomplished
their object in lecturing the Hiller knew
that they opposed their objective & that
the Senate did now accord any Vanderbilt
support & let the allies opportunity
allow do their delicate work of defeating
the federal acquisition of the people of
the world. He agreed with me entirely
as to this.
I then said -- could not some Democrats
simply, in debate, use Knox and Todd
& themselves others if they had not
directly or indirectly written letters to
some of the representatives of the Hiller
making known their views. He
thought this a good idea.
He said the President was bound to come
in either event; if he had to go down,
the people would largely support him
& the Republicans and some Democrats
in the Senate will be changed with
the unpopularity of breaking up the
Senate as the world and that this
would destroy the Republican Party.
I said if their skill equal to turning the
