218 of choice on Sec. 4th Mr. McAdoo but never
returned to the Board. The crowd soon
naturally joined in the cheering of some-
-what tumultuously.
Then some one whispered to Sec. 4 that
Ellis should be called in to speak; in a
very vitulent and sickly voice, I cannot
quite recall, I apparently however
Ellis died & Sec. 4 introduced him in a
very cold blooded way, as a good man,
a worthy man, an able man, & added
that he knew the men inlayles could
be loyal to him. He made no predictions
as to his future for the position nor as to
his success as Sec'y. It was the most
-omelony, boyish, selfish introduction &
quite devoid.
Sec. 4 was however made a very fine,
modest speech praising Sec. 4 greatly
then there was a herculean sigh from
Ellis led, of course, by the professional
clerk.
Then Mrs McAdoo whispered something
to Sec. 4 & he made a third speech in
behalf of Mr. McAdoo thanking
the women for their Red cross work.
More cheering, a presentation of a
medal from Sec'y. of improving and
promoting, & this meeting closed in bed
214
214
was mentioning the name of the President!
the 1st. Res Board then met again and voted
on McKibbin N.Y. schedule of salaries except
that Sec. 4's salary was retained at
$25,000 instead of $30,000 as recommended by
the N.Y. director, it being voted, as a
convenience, that when acting as Sec'y
he should receive $30,000. Strain suggested
this compromise.
During meeting I received a letter from E.H.P.
saying he did not accept a treaty in
Red Res Bd. I went in and told McAdoo
who asked me to come right to come
right over to see him.
Later Ross told me the Secy formally
offered it to him in presence of Ellis
but after 3/4 hours later he declined it
& they both said they could not bless
him over so doing.
Later in the P.M. I called Ellis on telephones
at H.R. & asked him to dinner. He had
another engagement. He was very
cordial & sent his love to Bertie & said
I could be surprised when I found to
what extent he was going to depend
on me for help and advice, and that
his Elsie could learn on Bertie.
It was fall and warm wood to rust to us
at the ceremonies - unnumbered rust of
