He also said the Bankers united in many
representations of the Banking interest
in the Board & that he arranged an act
with the President of which Perkins, Reynolds
& other bankers were present; that the
Board heard him & then challenged him
to await a single Vote Board in term
in which private interests were given
representation; that they did come
up and that indeed the matter
in 7. also said he had called Col. Hines
protesting against Gen. Lewins presence
abroad & at his apparent efforts to
participate in the proceedings. He
added that he believed Gen. Lewins
was shircutting in exchange with
another or shown by cable about
respond to, and that he should show
them to Board.
He absolutely agreed with him that he
should have at once told the Board
about Hines being in Boston
in law -- that it was grossly unfair
to him not to have at once done so.
263
Gen. 7. also said he had had a strong letter
from W. Compt. Williams; that he said he had
made a fine record creditable to him &
to Virginia, but that he had been very
unfortunate in his manner & every of
infuriating the law & had incurred the
deep disquiet of all the banking interests
& had injured the commonalty by so doing;
that there was some reason for their
disquiet & that he believed he would
in the future avoid their company.
During the war, during June 21, with Swedish Minister,
Whitney, Admiral Bluee was there and
he said that if Germany, instead of
sending out her submarines with intent
to destroy commerce, had concentrated
them at home, she would probably
have been able to defeat the British
Northern Sea squadron.
June 22. Lord.
See Elkins advised Gen. H. to send to Board that any
material in matter of matter secured by Court obligations
at present time would seriously embarrass the
managing in coming War. down; that the case in
local matter in N.Y. was equivalent to an omission in
Minnesota.
In view of this current agent, often deficient,
from Dr. Miller concerning, it was voted to
make no change at present time.
