148
Saturday June 11
called in from Missouri to stay second night.
12th Bk of V. Y. filed w. no request but return
to absent Bk of 37. Jackson as Mr. Curwood &
Agent Grant
Gov H told me that Bd had instructed Gen. Mason
to protest to Gov. McClellan of Mason against
passage of a bill to raise 10 millions in
bonds to buy 300000 men menials
over Irving pay. I told Gov H this was a
matter of wages rather than of capital
and was a military question which
the Bd should not interfere. Later he said he
had talked w. Sec M. who said Board
should not interfere -- that it was a
matter on war Dept. He asked me to
call up Gen Mason & tell him to take no
action on matter. I did this at once
& Gov M. said he had not yet spoken to
Gen McClellan & would not, in accordance
with our instructions. I informed him to
Board & told its bill offensive.
Later, on 12th, Governor Luppis called me
up & said 2 plans selected were
written up -- that they opposed this
Mason bill & he asked if Board would
come out against it. I said this was
a waste and military matter & that
bill of war, if anyone, should act. He
said Sec Baker had said he could
not side with the matter but would
not call up Gen Mason
149
question went first to it whether such an
act of bonds would influence with
twenty loan. I said, personally, I could
not say that the issue of a loan of
10 millions would influence.
He said the matter was a very delicate
one -- no policy might be involved.
He said he despatched of any such bill.
I told him that if every State should
pass similar legislation it might turn
into war, but that it was not a
matter in which the Bd could interfere, but
150
Sat. June 12.
Board voted to increase Gen. Slung's salary to
$40000 and salary of Seiler from 12 to 150000.
V. Y. Senators voted for $50000 to Slung, $10000 to
Seiler and $10000 for Curtis, Sec. of Council.
Board turned down Curtis.
Williams, Compt. protested against all
merchants. Suddenly Sec. M. came in and
also protested, not in merits but because
of war. Board then reconsidered & reduced
Seiler to V. Y. Compt. to rate w. Slung.
The same arguments Williams used on
merchants in Clellan's salary abolished
at least to Seiler, but this made no
difference to Comptroller who on previously
obtained this argument as to Seiler as
he favored him as to Clellan.
Warburg resolved right to move to reduce
Clellan's salary accordingly. If passed
don't see how I can vote against it
