He also said Coffman said that Elan obttut
would count a firm. Home in N.Y.
He also said Harding will be resignated for
1 year.
Sunday, Aug 11
David w. Harding at Mt. Club - he is strongly
obtained to Elan abst - says wrong to put
him to South to exclusion of middle west;
that Elan is not located in or a Southerner
by South, not being in cotton belt; that
Id Rest 2nd candidates, of course for
being member of M.B.D & thus means that
no number when Id won passed on
never be a member of Bot. I cannot agree to
this. I think H. from her will lose Harshut
& Elan is obtained.
Aug 12
Williams asked me to send notes to Reed.
as to who a member of cong. would be abt 4th
in M.B.D (meaning Elan). I did them. Said Yrs.
Aug. 15
Harding ridiculated as how for another
year. He told me Warburg, who was here
yesterday, told him Secy U.S. had definitely
offered abbt to Albert Stearns who had
gone to N.Y. to consult his family. H. U.S. Secy
had asked him as to Breckenridge points
& St Louis.
I feel that Secy should have taken out
his confidence. He has been here since
Monday & I have not even seen him but
Williams is with him all the time.
Harding set Secy toward well Monday but
today seemed worn out and voice very
weak.
Reason of the case, since Court has been here
only 1/3 of the time - he seems more
interested in politics than anything else
either he seems to be a man of fair
ability & he is said to have a "full"
w. Secy U.S. I should have taken this vote
as the Secy lent Green beyond me not to.
His absence has greatly increased work
of the other members.
Thursday, Sent. 5
Ames Tob. Co. & Mc Stanley of Evan. Tr. Co. advertised
before last, Jones came for audit. to equal 25 million
of Votes to found equal amt of acres in military
Navy etc. Howell had reported favorably but Williams
had assured to leave it behind us. The Votes took
7000 even but went to believe that the rate
setting abt 17/16.0. The Synd. Mayes went to
relieve 17/16 corn & rest of synd. 2 1/2 h money
total comes abt $875,000
Bebut Weary was told by Sec. U.S. asked him to
say this of telling cold injury Liberty Corn
& should he hastened till after his Corn unless
unfavorable inquiry cold result. He Effusionist
told me he did not agree to this - that he
thought the votes would be generally placed
