the country, he then says, however to sign
all the letters.
The Bd vigorously bought them on ground
chiefly that the Bd should be given full
jurisdiction & not be asked to act as
assistants to the Secy; also on ground
that a large debt could never be collected.
This latter could be so whether Sec. or the
Bd had jurisdiction. Delano said a
public request of President Secy to Evers
of Slates could make application here
numerous. He said McAdoo had referred
to several such communications & in one
case his letter was published with the
following circular. Finally I suggested
that Sec H had put us in a terrible
question -- why we could not as his
advisers and we ought to annul it.
In vote, I voted yes and Harding, Woul.
Delano and Dulles No.
Finally voted that En H write a
letter to Secy on subject. I agreed to
this but told it should elate that I
favored acceptance.
The point was brought out that if
we decided a case & sent it to Secy it
might be days or weeks before he
would sign it & we should be very
much embarrassed, then it would
be in the argument -- Sec H is so busy
137
he could not attend to Dept duties. En H complained
he could not reach Secy -- sometimes had
to wait a day or longer. Delano said
he often had to wait an hour or
longer in outer office.
En H said he thought Sec H could send
break down & if he look over the R.M.
officers it could kill him & said send
Rev. Peabody, I think, said McAdoo had
been advised by his friends to resign as
Sec. if he managed the R.M. En H -- I
think it was, said Bertrand told Sec
if he did both he could have to sleep
in his own bed in twelve 20 days.
Dec 22-29
Sam Magrath asked to ascertain whether in case
Sec of Labor asked by technical agency whether
Mr. Red beamer of N.Y. letter request would be
considered with. I said I would ascertain.
Sam H. Id all he wanted now was the
appointment and announcement in the
Penn. I said he did not expect to do any
business under the designation on the
present and probably not until after
the war and that the details of the
arrangement could be left for future
consideration.
I moved to see. Mr. H. I thought he attended
and suggested my sitting during wheels
I did. I, simply attended & told me to
say so to Board.
I have to Board and I was notified
