22
Dec. 4. Monday.
Meeting with. Rev Agents.
at Lunch; Perkin. Curtiss. Wells
P.M. Gen H. said. Mr Ambt Sec R. Crawford was entirely
content to have no further statement from
Rev Bd; said the Reorganized loan in emendment
did not meet their approval as if but
notification could do no good and of many
letters could send B. & W. route at money of
Union Banks
6 P.M.
2000 H came in and said Compt. had just
left him he was about to send another
circulated in circular of Beinus which threatened
all states as to enormous excess reserves etc.
of other states. Warburg & I agreed that such
an optimistic spirit at present leave cold
only de train & speed. 2000 H to say so to
Compt. He came back and said Compt.
invested in putting it out.
2000 H & I went to him & begged him not to
do it. Compt said he had warned Mecklenburg
when said he saw no objection to issuing
it.
Compt then called up Sec of State and read
it to him. Learning such he did not
object & the Warburg told him we could
afford it. Must it cold seriously enough
but Ent- they could say if condition of
the so seemed only Hudson of Board
in issuing state must have been to
require Bk. & Branch Cycles.
1916
23
2000 H came in and said Compt.
Compt. agreed w. him & even assured of he could
not show it to Best. Ambassador!
Finally I told him in my opinion it could
only do harm & could hurt Board in a
ridiculous point - to write a note of
warning one day & almost the next day
to have Compt. issue such an optimistic
circulation. Finally Compt. agreed not to
send it out at present.
Among other things Compt. sent in circular
in view of extravagant threats as to holding
of our securities, it was prolonging to note
that only 300 millions in Gov. bonds and
Secs were held!
We do not agree w. threats in circular - the
great development is surely a very
extraordinary expansion bureaus in number
of gold.
Furthermore, we had warning from Irving of
1st Natl Bank that many banks had been
invested in Gov. bonds, including several
purchase of Russian roubles
300 millions total many not otherwise large
but undoubtedly many modern banks
have over subscribed, not to mention State Bk.
& N. Bks's
