158
issue question why we should not take care of
all similarly situated. The trouble is they
have paid out & losten their own.
The benefit to Musser related only to honest
transactions & not to future ones.
See converse of Gen. Harding & an interview on
matter in Press stating that President had
ordered this.
May 9. Thursday
Sen. Holley called and I told him about my
telegrams in N.H. and Sen. Tallington's letter.
He told me that he & Sen. Clancy want to see H.
and said that if Warburg's name were sent
to Sen. in Colo. Denver would not be
embarrassed. I told him that if he was under
the impression that W. had obtained his position
for ability as Director of H.R.Bk. of Boston he was
mistaken; that W. & I in Boston came joined in
repealing his name for Robert & Belman
obtained it. He said he & Clancy suspected
that W. dominated Harding, Elaine & Miller.
I told him that he certainly did not
dominate Harding -- that H. had had many
deficiencies w. W.; that I thought it well
be a distinct loss to have W. leave the Bd.
that no one in Bel had had as many
deficiencies as W. & I; that I certainly had
no personal reason for trusting Warburg --
that he situationly & financially been corruptible
159
but I was very reluctant for the 10 year term but that
I was broad enough to suit any personal
feeling in the matter. I admitted that to me
it was better to have W. on the Board than
to have him opposed it off the Board;
that I saw no room for not acknowledging
him.
Sen H. then said he would accept my statement
and would withdraw all opposition and would
ask in Denver to do the same. He said however
W. should not be made Gov. I said that was
a matter for President to decide.
I then told W. briefly that I had told him
Holley & that he was Clare opposing him.
W. said furthermore had seen Holley who
said W. obtained his position for Director. I
did not like W. what Holley said about
the Government.
May 10. Friday
a letter from Gen. Harding was read bitterly
objecting to Musser to expect solid
& suggesting very heavy charges on shipping
at the Bd. insisted on its order. Warburg
thought Musser prohibited by us to
current gold for Bd of finance against
practically of it insisted that the gold
must be shipped from U.S. as if lost,
even the insured, the world would lose it
