196
that would be his own Court & the others coldly
in their votes; he doubted his victims to
take in. Balfour & Hugel except. He said we
had no hope chance of being elected.
Sat. Nov 30
late. Mr. Emelt voted to put in the amendment
to complete act of the San Motor Co. w. name of
President etc. the President is under indictment
for fraud, using the mails. I said if we must
put fraud, should we ought to send all mail
and we had many mails.
I suggested that we all as wanted was to
convince every. of usness, of knowing Lucas &
state fraud, results at would be better to
state the facts at that & other issues w. out
unlawfulness reasons & then if any. convinced
the records it old case on them. I further
suggested that as the President of the Co.
was under indictment our action might
be construck as an assault of a State Court
to subdue all the jury & that in any officer
the President was entitled to a fair trial w. out
interference on our part. I said also I
believed the President was guilty and meant one
omission was to remove the record in the
hands of the City Recorder.
Ed. by Combs, Williams all present. From
Williams, & Hugel voted to send whole
record. I opposed to be recorded in this negative
197
late that Mr. L wrote see M. saying we were
making a great mistake but that a word
from him to that effect would, I thought, be
very necessary.
Monday Dec 1
called in City -- he was not there. told Kelley
about matter very urgent. Late Kelley came
in and said City said the whole record
including names should be sent to Long.
Mr. Sat. & again this man I wrote see M.
suggesting that the President should send
nomination & Corners request in blank to
all Electors to cast his votes to be used in case
any of the members felt they must resign.
I told him we have old absentent
members on the 1st Board in their places.
late see M sent in some blank nominations
which I filled in & voted to two points
and that State debt must also put out
& leave President sign some blank nominations
on same paper.
This time of Mr. Newton called in; said he saw
McKeeve Sat. & urged my attention as Sec.;
said I was best equipped man in the
county, had a herbert knowl. of
harness making; that I. long had no
responsibility in Cabinet, not even an
artillery; that the North Belt that
success was on the saddle & that the
