1914
Jan 1. New Years day, 1861.
Philadelphia. Imminently about Brown of Cal.
Levine came; said Kiley inquired at Colgate
House but old fund no record of his
resignation; said it ought to be accepted
as of Nov 30, the date Brown suggested in
his letter to Sec U. S. said he would
attend to this.
Jan 2. Selden sends over telegraph from Brown
saying his resignation had been accepted
for Nov 30 and asking that all accrued
salary checks be sent him.
At once wrote Imminently to be sure the date
of acceptance of resignation was Nov 30.
wrote Brown sending back salary checks
which called; said Nat Bk of Philadelphia had
loaned heavily on himself at inflated
interests; that interest had now
tagged 50% and that Bk would suffer
heavy loss, but that it was perfectly
solution. Suggested that Red examined
the Bank. I suggested that we write
Sec of War that Red was our Foreign
Agent & that if he requested we would
send if necessary to examine it, and asked him
to make draft of letter.
He said Gen Harrison was involved in a scandal
with Wright of an official out there & he felt that
Phil. matter even in bad shape & that Roberts
by investigating would create scandal.
I advised him at once to tell Sec. Baker.
He said he had told Gen. Grant Mr. Board
should now gather to himself all financial
letters from it by McAdoo & which should
have charge of official correspondence; that
he has looked to him, since then to Board,
which the N.Y. bank with considered chiefly
a central bank under control of Gen Grant.
He agreed with me that the Board did have
handled all their fiscal matters well.
Exchange operations & loans to settlers,
and should have; that Board can not
properly do its work unless these matters
are given over to it. He said next hour
must appeal to the market; if not
did not be saved as capital must be
found & loan varied at same time.
He said he was satisfied that, matters
were in bad condition. that McAdoo tried
to do so many things he had to leave
all details to subordinate who were
