the control of the changes of bonds. Our action
secretes, as he had this house under treaty
with, Entering Act, & see he said he would keep in
the
Abbot Stee, Drum & Flower insisted on making
a letter to President advising our ruined, wound
up.
I then had another conference w. Sec. Ht
Lebougwell.
I told him that it was the mean, opinion
of our Ht that it would be safe to remain
all our instructions & we believed it would
be doubtful, but that Hopp & H, and we both
sure the other members could do whatever
the President wanted & it was our duty to
President to instruct us.
Sec Ht to my surprise agreed with me that
we ought to cease work. he told the other
men thereby to have a long run in business
bond mails. Then to hold up the complete
development until next April. The President
on a new bond issue
Lebougwell strenuously objected & finally
Sec Ht suggested that we would have all money excited
more involving present economic
waste. I could not address me
completely.
The Committee favored the idea & started on
a draft of announcement.
Friday Nov 22
Announcement proposed and on motion
not conservative lines. Should this be
Lebougwell Sat Nov 23 who attended &
it was given out.
Friday evening Nov 22 Sec Ht gave out statement of
his resignation. None of us had been addressed
of this.
Sat Nov 23
Held sectional meeting of cab. Sec Comr
we obtained our public announcement
& agreed that, in view of Sec Hts request
our Court should do nothing to hinder
adventures but should severally becoming
more liberal in our decrees -- until the
President decided to wound us out.
Sec P M held another meeting in my office
Williams, Hopp & Flower present. From
now in N.Y. but before giving final instruction
draft of letter to President advising him to
wound us out & asking him to say so in
his coming message to congress, also to recommend
new legislature creating a State blue sky
comm.
We decided that it was necessary to do this
altogether indiv. we favored this suggestion,
in view of Sec Hts resignation & we voted
that on 3 weeks we should make no
recommendation but for us our course under
new announcement becoming more liberal.
about 4.30 P M. Sec Ht sent one out --
Strains also was there. He explained
