144
Monday, Dec 30
Curtis, Sec. of U. Bank, wrote Gov Harding that U.S.Roy
was not anxious to appoint Mr of Japan as Judge but
would be glad to consider w. Baron Megata on the
matter. Gov H. told me Curtis called him on
another matter & he told Curtis the Board had
power to order the appointment.
Gov Morrow called me in telephone & said that
while Curtis did not deliberately intend to
misstate the position of the Vice. Court & he
had misstated it and that if Board
desire the Mr of Japan next Thursday
would vote to appoint Judge of Bd to appoint
Mr of Japan as Agent & Correspondent.
I told him I would sleep to Gov H
and that the Mr. old discuss matter on
Thursday & if we so requested him old
vote on it.
Curtis has acted very quickly in this matter.
see complete file
1918.
week of Jan 1.
Steams at gold meeting said Baron Megata
had informally asked Sec. H. whether the
U.S. would join with Japan in a loan
to China of 50 million dollars. We talked
& over in Gold Court. Warburg was bitterly
opposed -- said it would help Japan through
China; also spoke contemptuously of
Presdt Wilson's refusal to back up the loan
from to China. I told him I thought
that was one of the best things Wilson
had done. We all agreed that the
question of Warlicke in loan was
a matter for State Dept. to determine
Tuesday Jan 2
At gold meeting something Steams said
made me think he had advised Sec H
that the Bd was adverse to loan to
Japan, and I stated that I favored it
distinctly understood that I favored it
and asked him if anything went
said to Sec H. he should be told that
I differd from others in the gold Court.
Warburg & I had a running controversy
and finally Steams said he would
talk over matter with Warburg. Steams
ableman at 4.30 & Warburg said he
could meet at that hour.
at 4.30 I went to Wilbur's office and asked if Steams was
coming. He said he did not know
but that there was no necessity of
my coming in if he did. I waited
in my office until 5.40 and not
hearing from Warburg I went home
that lunch to Severin Comm.
