count Martial's under war debt. He gave this
letter & claim to Overman wout consulting
Alty En. Later Gen Chamberlain asked him to
draw a bill embodying his views. He said
he did not want out current of war debt. Gen
C. got current of Gen Crowell & Warren
drafted a bill & sent it to Gen C. saying it
replaced his personal opinion merely. He did
them wout consulting Alty En.
Later Alty En had interview w. him -- was very
angry. Next day 10. received letter calling
for his immediate resignation.
He told me that last October this work
was given over to Special Ant C. Bullin. He said
he had been about loyal to Alty En.
I student his claim & returned letter to
effect that he had made a serious error.
That he should have consulted Alty En
first. Showed it to him see Jefferson
who said I was about cannot find his
advise that I say this to him rather than
write.
I consulted many of his friends among
others Sec. Lanning, Col En Davis, Delano
etc. also John Lowell. Many all said he
had made a terrible error.
I met Alty En one night on a minute
at Cherry Chast -- asked if I could see
him same day & told it over he said
he could be glad to see me asking -- then
in the most mysterious case I will never
at dinner then evening I told Warren how his
friends looked at it and said one had
said if I went to Gen C. to try to retain
unfavorable relations the first question he
would ask would be -- does Warren know
his views? I told him to consider this
carefully -- but he would not obey.
I repeated this twice but he gave no
answer. I told him I wanted to go
to Alty En & try to get him to say he had
no hand in it & I would recommend him
for some other office. I finally asked
him to think it over & write me.
see draft of my proposed letter to him
in files in my office -- also draft of
letter to Alty En etc. I will not send
until he writes me that he realizes
his error.
He evidently had a severe case of
swollen head & thought he was well-
shakable -- I am not sure even now
he will admit any error if he does
I will do my best to reconstitute him in
Alty En confidence & to secure some
other position for him.
judge Hethcogrelets told me he was
forcibly convicted & that seems to be
the general opinion. I am sorry to say
Gen Houston told Berke his father in law
in Boston told him Warren was the brains
of the Admiralty!
