190 Nov. 18
part with the War Secy. Board issued a notice releasing
in part its prohibition on the use of many articles
requiring steel. The day before issued I called on
Bancroft the editor & suggested a conference with his
Board & the case. Sec. Corn. all I could get
to say was that he would be glad to receive
a memorandum from our Corrall on subject of
Reconstruction. He never returned to the circular
wh. he issued the next day & which seriously
embarrassed our Corrall as a fact our application
was over 50% with the next few days.
Leffingwell was very much distressed by
Bancroft's action on it in effect announced
that its lid was off, while I knew that
the Manning wild need & a 10 bellies were
wh. old not be olded at present rates unless
capital could to be conserved
a day or two later Sec. M. called a conference
at which H. W. & other members of the War
Finance Co. & H. Leffingwell, Hurlburt &
others were present. It was agreed that an
May shield keep in close touch w. Bancroft
to prevent if possible further ill advised
actions.
I explained our embarassments & said it
was discouraging for us to be holding up
horticulture, department plans & roads while
Bancroft was declaring shocking good C.J.
I then asked wh. they thought it was time
to come up with Sec. Hurlburt & I said it was
idle to continue making up our game
191
to lecture all issues.
They all thought we ought to continue & Sec. M. insisted
me to draw a Bill proving us the people we needed
& he would do all he could to secure it. He thought
it most important for me to continue. I said
our Court Belt we ought to be consulted with
the War Sec. Coates, the Secy to the Chime. He said
he temporarily laid off this suit backed. He
suggested that our Bill in fact contained state
part and would separate us at present. I
asked if he considered calling a conference
of Senators to take over the situation & he
thought it very advisable. I said I would
do this.
I then called up Town & said at next meeting
I would bring up matter of a conference. He
said that the day before a telegraph had
been sent inviting a conference for Tuesday
Dec. 19. I was amazed at this & later
found that Coop ordered this sent without
any authority from the full Court -- a most
amazing manifestation of power.
I then asked Hurlburt & Town -- Coop had gone
away to draw a Bill. latter, on Tuesday 3d.
Nov. 15, Hurlburt sent me a letter and a Bill
in colo. the present Corrall was retained but
the use of this was made chairman -- a
prolificious slip at me which I shall not
forget.
Then Sec. M. called me at my
house & said he had just discovered
that Sec. M. had sent to the bankers a
