the write the letter & that Audenius required
is without reading it.
Brown letter as to resignation had been
courteous
cornell voted that the value members
should send one letter addressed to President
underlying their resignation & that they
should, after June 1, 1919, withdraw all checks
for salaries to bearer of U.S. to account of
Deissell. Result
Dec 30. Monday
Sir. Smoot called me up in a case. Sir. Smoot
I explained failure of Cornell in suspending
operations & turning back after June 1, 1919 all
salary checks by endorsement to War. so U.S
to credit of Miss. Neelicks. He fully absorbed
this & said it was the only thing to do
as if Cornell were legally put an end to
it would be impossible to move it by
new legislature bef. any adjournment.
Selden called; he said Brown told him and
others that Sec. H had detailed him from
the case. Sir. Cornish in order that he might
work in securing control of the Louisville
council journal & in carrying Kentucky
for a Div. Senator
Brown, I remember, told me that he
245
was arranging for the purchase of the 2. County
Journal and he brought the parties interested
up to the case. Sir. Cornish introduced them to me. I
remember also that he brought these parties
to Sec. H. w. colum they had an interview. Brown
told me this generally
Dec 29. Sunday
Dr. Laughlin called me on telephone explaining
why he would not come to see me: he spoke
of his talk in letters about my appoint as
Sec. of Treasury; said he turned some time
ago matter over all settled for Elkins. I
said if it had been offered I would have
accepted it. He said -- that matter may
come out all right yet -- many changes
may happen in business. I said that I
thought my relations with White House
were very pleasant, and he said that
it so -- humanity has a high opinion of
you; it will come out all right. He
said he wanted to have a talk with me
about political possibilities & interested
he had much of interest to tell me,
which he did not specifically mention
to me. There was no doubt but that
he was referring to him, and, I thought
in a most friendly manner.
