very few country men had. I believed them to be
now but skill or Volunteers for that except.
all men around him who made his
success possible.
As a man however, in spite of his brilliancy
he was vindictive, rotten treacherous, and
conceded & wildly jealous of anyone with
him delivering any credit. He is as responsible
as Williams & still not so just to anyone
whom he despised. He is the most selfish
man I ever met - thinking of no one but
himself.
I believe his alleged name on refusing is
not the full act; I have no doubt he is
financially embarrassed, nor have I any
doubt that some one has been his "Aussel"
& Oliver Brown Branch.
His Kissing Branch on see of himself
the unadulterated truth in hopes that
the President had offered the Honors to this
man who had made millions by
obscuring in Wall St - is a scandal in
Amel. Industry who will work any Amel.
but carry his Houston to the Berlin Branch
and told the President had offered him
the Honors. If true the President must be
mad!
If the Honors had been offered me I would
have felt the honor had all just in being
205
offered Barney Branch's Honors.
Friday Dec. 6.
Confidence w. M. Agents as to Cab. Sec. Emery
offensive in urging me to continue. Agents
seemed divided.
Off. Collier wanted Mac. protect us exchanges
of Govt bonds for worthless securities. I
asked him if Sec. of War had been delegated
by President to take control of such exchanges
as provided by Executive Order in case of
other Act - whether the latest Bond Act.
I wrote MacArthur 2 weeks ago strongly
urging him. S.G. set news had decided
it was not practicable!
He means in trying to make a "foot" of
the Exec. Sec. Com.
We all agreed - except Superintendent - that
President Wilson in his message to Congress
clearly stated that the lid was up.
We are dead of all honor - only now
we can see End was Sub. Emery & that
now has fun. Now the Democrats now
involved in they can no longer address
us & we will helpless.
We formally submitted 2 questions to
Agents to answer. The first was whether
