very much
Sec. H. came to Res. Board meeting to advertise
merging Em Slums salary to $50000; said
the former opposition was because of the
war; said we must consider the salaries for
lay members in fixing compensation for
Res. officers; that in the beginning of the
system we could not do this but now
we should. He also said Mr. Austin Joy's
salary should be increased.
I said I believed we ought to increase their
salarie but that this would necessitate
merit at other Res. offices & Sec H. agreed
to it.
I then said again I cordially concurred w.
Sec H but I still have to know attitude of
new Secy- Elans, on if he were strongly
opposed to it, his opinion was entitled
to great weight. Em H said Elans both him
he was only 1 member having 1 vote &
we must act as we felt best. I reminded
Em H that he had said Elans was strongly
opposed to any such measure & he admitted
this.
Funally it was agreed to have a special
meeting tomorrow at which Elans &
Mr Adoo would be present, & then to settle
the matter.
for H then said the Board ought to ask Congress
to repeal the power of law forbidding Bd
members to accept employment in any Department
by our 2 years after leaving Board.
He well stated I still not join in any such
action - that it would create a turmoil in
Congress - that every bold action of the
Board would regulating for unemployed
w. Members both.
Sec H set the best way would be to have some
Compromise introduce a Bill and then
have our Bd asked to support its omission.
He said the action Bd members should not
have been included in the proclamation but
that it was a wise one so far as to see of
hearing. Fiscal and Sec & Compt. of Treasury
any such move in our part would be
ridiculous!
Dr P H. J. Davis called; in Bar he asked me
to lunch but I could not go. He said John
McGraw of W. Div. turned w. him, and when
he said he looked to have me at lunch
McGraw said - hey Ed! Charles Humble - the
best qualified man in the U.S. on persons,
matters - able, energetic, never
pushing himself - an ideal man for Secy,
coming from North - his appointt could be
limited w. joy over whole country &
wholly in North & West! How could
