40
attacked Hardin's bitterily accusing him of having
ordered Harding to commit the matter as to the
part of his influence; said that last year he had instructed
Harding to ask him to ally him as to the subject;
that it was an insult to the Board; that
the matter must come up called or must be
should remain, or words to that effect; that
such announcement would embarrass our
English friends to see. He also enclosed a
telegram from Jay who was in the Senate
assaying to secure an explanation for
Harding of his action as H. had stated the
same matter would be dealt with.
Hay showed me his reply to Harding,
which was very enthusiastic as H. was
very angry. I told him to explain his objection
and he would get into trouble, I suggested that he
should not be arrested that Jay
should meet and conclude to demand an
explanation from him as to his official
acts, and he agreed to move the change.
I also charge to Hardin - he was very
indifferent and said he should leave
the matter up to the Speaker's time.
Hay H. said he never gave any appearance
to pay us to salary.
41
in it also said that before giving any
instructions he was in Richard Hambro's
office he was delighted at the support
and fully affirmed it and further
said the Ambassador would at once
execute it to satisfaction.
Hay H said he was satisfied that the Board
accepted this announcement made in
order to break off the British connection
to welcome French support.
Hay H. said Mr Madden wanted Board to
remittee election of Jay as Vice President and
he had his thought satisfied from him that
this was not wise. I saw very well we
looked through legislature. I explained to him that
Harding was really responsible for constitution
in N.Y. bank & that Harding suggested
a new rule that no member of Board
should serve on a course on the Res Bank
of City in which he lived. He favored
this enthusiastically. Mr Madden also
said he still informed the Board that
he still exercise his right to give out
instructions at any time on any
matter concerning Res. Bank of which
he was an offficee member.
I formally suggested that it was not
the
