206
may well have enjoyed the opportunity to meet me with
legislation which, in combination, would
prove a serious blow to Mr. Bed> a Meaning.
The second was- assuming that, well rested
that shield not our Council would act by
June 1, 1919
Set. Dec 7.
Mr. Agents and our gentlemen & said that if we were
to Mr. Bed> would have introduced and passed vigorously
a Bill curtailing extramits on Labor & Orleans, counties
under Mr. Bed> would admit one Corn> to continue
hounding them on Rail; if not, then our Council
shield would act by June 1, 1919
Williams has been very flouncy for the past
week and looks worthless. I saw in a
rather thin officer day a client that he might
be given the Delano vacancy on our Board.
to day the see. sent on him for whom he
planned to hold me for thought Roff
of the Cal>. his cousin could be admitted.
I think probably the boarders are so opposed
to Williams that we would like to
demand to have him overboard. It may
be well to seat him cold here about
our Board. If he & the see. were talking
about him today, Williams already refuses
to be used not have latitude to use about
207
Roff.
In the P<e> I had a talk w. Roff reminding
him that I had urged Sec> to appoint
him - I did this w. Sec>s authority, and
that I looked he would accept if
offered. He said he appreciated the letter
but did not see how he could positively
accept. We had a long talk and finally
he said if offered he would
have to decline w.h. she was willing to
leave Cleveland. I am inclined to think
he would accept. I told him I ought to
see Sec>. that he could not now say
he would accept for that he might
suddenly stand in his name, and he
applied to him.
I then went into Mr. Adkins office and found
him then signing letters with several
others that. He looked at me with a
very sheepish, shame faced look in his
eye & I told him I ought to let him
know Roff did not want this place
& that nothing but the strongest sense of
duty would ever induce him to take it.
I said he must and I then first informed
him of his want of your advice is
do w. He said he would & then added-
we will have to club him if necessary
