196
opinion had been "held up" for a long time
adding that "I would understand" among
that Mr. H. had had it held up.
From 16
In the last minute we have been pursuing regulations
in Acceptances under Sec. 13 & 14 of Rev. Act.
Warburg has proposed many drafts in one of
which he has omitted rep. 13 & 14 and I have omitted
in this being kept distinct. Sec. 13 has to do with
closed market operations while Sec. 14 is entitled
open market operations. To my mind Sec. 13 merely
gave the privilege to member banks to accept
without & export bills which Lombing claims -
our counsel Elliott agreeing with him - that
"Acceptances" in Section 13 means the same as
"bonds or acceptances" in Sec. 14, such an interpre-
lation would enable the Rev. Act here to discrimi-
nate understood by a member bank - acceptances
of state bonds, Treasury and as well as of private
banks. I do not believe Congress intended to
give any such privilege in State less and private
banks under Sec. 13. The H.R. Act as passed by
47K in express words limited such acceptance
to acceptances & Member banks which endorsed
by at least one member bank. The banks in
various drafts of amendments claimed these
words omitted the Bank modified amendments
of Dec. 1. which were adopted finally by
the Senate. The Union draft struck out the
words of "member banks" leaving the words
in this form to disavow "acceptances" generally
197
I thought this was done merely because it was
unnecessary to retain the words Member
bank, as it was plain that this was the
intent of Congress. I called into Sen. Clifton who
said while not clear in his recollection yet he
thought he intended to broaden the word. Am
at loss if the word is plainly limited
to member banks and he fully strongly agree
to this & regards the distinct as vital.
To my mind, Sec. 14 - the open market power -
is much broader than Sec. 13 and extends to all
acceptances, not being limited to imports & exports.
On the other hand Elliott states
the power to purchase acceptances under
Sec. 14 is also limited to imports & exports.
To my mind there when most powers were
given - not to encourage the business by
American bankers of the import trade (there
was done by Sec. 13 giving member less power
to accept such transactions) but merely to
give the Bank a right to establish a
legend secondary reserve at home when there
was no demand for securities of
commercial paper and also the right to
permit its acts - in varying or lowering the
rate of discount to prohibit the gold reserve
by buying or selling in open market in
commodities securities and all other banks
so as to inflate or contract credit.
Lombang contends that Sec. 14 as also Sec. 13 was
intended to encourage the business of
import transactions - a very narrow view
