164
drunk he told usy that he would be
lost and that we let Wolffe arrest him to
arbitar for him in a law sent but it was
of such a nature that he declined.
Last week in morning the Secy sent
down a note while we were in session
asking us to give Sen. Poinsett a hearing.
Thurman Warburg moved to adjourn in
the ground that we should never give a
hearing to any Senator or Congressman except
when our威ilates. Williams & I resolved
& said this would put us in a dozen &
indiscourse routine. Miller said in agreement
we old folks to my honor and listen to
Poinsett informally. I said it seemed
ridiculous to kill off quiet in this
maner but they persisted and voted
to adjourn. Williams & I voting No. I felt
this was most discouraging to the Secy.
Later we met Poinsett in my room --
this was Thursday lett 1 at noon.
after several discussions Warburg said to
Poinsett sharing as he said on the
Board that the only reason we had been
not voting for W. was that he did not
give the necessary time to the cause as
it could involve almost continuous
presence in Cleveland at first and
much time always. This statement was
not in fact true as Warburg and some
of the others were influenced against
W. by Johnson's statements. Shortly after
165
Warburg said to Williams his statements
were not true. I very nearly objected to
this statement when it was made but did
not want to have any dispute before
Convene. Miller then asked Poinsett if
he old obtuse assurment from W. as to
whether he would give the necessary
time even if it involved residence in
Cleveland. This was done as Miller later
admitted in letter that W. will say W.O.
In afternoon I said to Board that in my
opinion the above statements committed
the Board to W. if he gave satisfactory
assurances & I should in such event
vote for him. Warburg said if the same
such assurances we must then vote
that the directors must move to Cleveland
& give all his time, either in San F. Texas
and other States we had not required them.
While we were sitting Sen. P. called me
on telephne & said he had just been
lettering to W. who gave me necessary
assurances. Later Sen. P. wrote me on to this.
(in his letter)
Later that afternoon or the next day obtain
long discussion we voted to elect W. and
Madaway of Cleveland & Warburg said if
Madaway would serve with Wolffe he
would be perfectly satisfied. He then
asked the Secy to give up Mayor Baker
& ask if T. would serve in absent
conclusion
