172
Act 14
Act 15
Wednesday.
3 P.M. Board meeting. See M. read a letter addressed
to him as Chairman of Board from Post leader.
The Post said many complaints had been made
to him by Senators that the Board was
deliberately twiddling back an organization of
the Revenue Box; that he knew this was
untruth; that in order to please us to be
untrue he looked the Board will see every
effort to expedite the opening. The Secy also
read a letter forwarded by himself to the
Board urging haste & saying the law
stood to be opened by Nov 2.
Warburg was very indignant saying both
letters implicitly entreated the Board;
he added that time stood at most two or three
weeks much better progress could have been
made. The Secy at once asked us what
we meant and a letter containing
seemed imminent. W. bearded clean, brown,
& old gave no statement.
Island set up and asked the directors
to state at conference next week the
earliest moment they could be ready &
that it could be accomplished now to
more or announcement. It seems
the circular to the directors was signed
by the Secy of the Fed & forwarded by the
chairman & none of the other members had
173
seen it.
There was a long discussion, Warburg saying
we old not open before Dec 1 at earliest.
String came in town & we called him down
into the meeting. He said N.Y. bankers felt
strongly that it should be earliest day we
of termination in gold but the advertised to
wellknown the Reserves would not affect
to be affected by that. His real reason
seemed to be that this was a bad time
for the Box to open & he said we should
wait until all old be heard at the
meeting next week. At first he said the
financial force old not be ready but later
he said that N.Y. will not be the last
bank to open in any event. He agreed on
working that we old not proceed other
until Oct. 10th. votes were humbled & he
said on ability to my question why box old
not open & merely ridiculous by broad
circuits or cash that this would make the
box merely safe debout box.
Finally it was agreed no announcement
should be made before the meeting Oct 20.
we also voted to write case on pay
of 127 subscribers of cash. Stock pay Nov 2.
