174
1823 Friday.
British Ambassador
Oct 19 Monday.
British Ambassador came to Revenue Board
with Sir George Parich & Sir Blacket who
were invited by Sir Meadors to come over
to discuss Brit. ex-change matters etc.
He introduced them to us & we had a very
short talk.
Oct 20 Tuesday
Appointment of directors of Revenue banks.
Sir M. Layton ill. Let gave Sir Ew. a dinner
at Army & Navy club -- Sir M. was to have
given him out. Late we went to Buffet
supper at same club for Rev. & ex. directors
& Sir Ew gave a short address.
Oct 23. Friday
Meeting to arrange cotton pool. also w. Sir Ew.
Sat. " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
also meeting with Sir Horsf at 11.30.
Representing the U.S. Sub Comm. Commiss. of
myself and Warburg: Mr. Res Bros. Ew
strong of N.Y.; Bankers Emett, Wiggin and
Mr Brown of Brown Bros. N.Y.
On Friday we discussed the value allowed
Ames. Casas when delivered at Neutral
Ew strong including value not enough.
On Sat. Ew strong outspread debrecaniss
establish N.Y. Res on and incombolable
of its guaranteeing gold for all future
175
to discharge British debt
on Ew. said: 1. The British Govt will remain
on a strict basis for future payments. 2.
It will agree to accept financial bills for
present indebtedness provided the security
is first class. 3. It will not object to
buying hard in credit when Bills mature.
He agreed that securities sent here for
sale, old not be or should not be paid
in gold as they did not buy
gold but credits.
Finally we adjourned until next Friday.
Ew strong agreed to present a memorandum
covering whole question.
Friday evening Oct 23 dinner w. Warburg; he
wants Res. Bro to guar. 100 millions of gold
to cover financial bills. Mr. Schieff and
Ew. strong were opposed to this
Oct 30 Friday.
Situation of Com. w. Sir George
Oct 31 Sunday
10 to 1.30.
At this session Ew strong used a number of
men in evening Price allowed for gold at Ottawa. claimed
not high enough. Sir J. said if they allowed more
it would facilitate gold exports from U.S. and
themselves would not be so in
normal countries but not now. Sir J. advised
us not to begin export cost it which Bro
of England should allow but merely claim as a
matter of justice we should be allowed
a greater sum.
