176
9) Facilitates for free obstruction by selling
cotton to England and assistance from England
in financing its movement.
2. W. S. says he advised that there was an
understanding but Eng. should not be long
cotton sure for hand to mouth. Sir J.
devised this and said matter was slowly
rupturing itself; that Manchester shrimps
at first were short sighted but were now
more reasonable; that he had called
that Rev. cotton exchange which now is
aborted etc.
3) Foreign stocks of exchange, 4) Payment to England
of individuals not yet provided for.
he looks there up to yesterday using 5) as an
excuse for bringing up the financial
question 6)
2 W.S. said Ernest of N.Y. stocks of exchange did so
to London to consult with London stock exchange
before opening.
After long discussion 2 W.S. said he, Waggan &
Brown could make a plan in writing as to a
plan for laying cash of the stock exchange
in certain securities which demanded when
not after opening. The plan suggested was
a syndicate of bankers and brokers who
would lend to stock exchange brokers loans
stock of exchange callatives; a course etc.
the syndicate to draw on certain Eng. banks
on risk of England the stock exchange callatives
to be given as security; thus the banks in
the syndicate all would be richer. liable on the
177
risis; purchase of Eng. stocks were to agree to
make these calls if considered necessary by
the syndicate and this would relieve men who
have managed by carrying their bills w. gold
who. though all things could never be willing to
do.
Waggan said to me there was old gold paid
from Rev. 411 by discounting even public is
receiving in public.
2 W.S. said Rev. 411 did not supply guarantee
to allow gold in future. If system was
sufficiently established they old do it and
could not agree to do it.
Sir J. W.S. at first insisted on Bank business
considered but finally said he would
attend but. But to agree when some such
plan as above.
Ernest then came on to show that plan
should be submitted to an Empire without
a suggestion by the bankers. 2 W.S. Waggan &
Brown is as a suggestion from one whole
substance. Sir J. said he old not make
a suggestion merely from bankers it must
have approval of principle of Secy and
of Secretary of State. Waggan then called up
Sir. W.S. said in N.Y. & he said he had no
respect to the mind being given to his idea
of understanding to be merely a man. From
the bankers but of anything more he
the Bank must have opportunity to
consider it. (I had previously telephoned
him & advised him to stay there.)
