168
a couple of at least 3 prominent bankers at
least 2 to be in South.
Act 10 Sat.
Warburg perhand a letter shepherding
obtaining details of plan but saying
nothing as to syndicate managers. He had
said only not be bad letter with was
W Morgan & I felt this would not be
satisfactory alone. I thought rate was
too high but all present said rate in
South was 10% upwards the only
money loans being got around.
Finaally we went to Secy Flats he came
down to meeting & said he was willing to
endorse such a plan in principle but
that he would not endorse the
particular plan as he thought interest
rate too high. Later I received a
letter, slightly changed by Secy agreeing
to such a plan in principle but declining
to endorse or approve rate of interest,
earnings etc. (see Secy's Lt)
As the Secy was leaving room after Board
obtained my letter he said he looked
we could not every endeavors to obtain
bus us soon as possible. I said this
would be done and that a call be
obtained subject subject to secured in
near future.
Suddenly Warburg passed up and down
the room violently arguing attacking me
169
for my conduct as I am in full charge the
Board or some such expression; said it was
obtained to obtain before conference with
Secy of N.Y. and other bankers; that I often
forced the Board to change its opinion
to obtain the security; that he was
disgusted that he had voted for McAllister
of Indiana when he saw him; that he was
disgusted with warburg for security when
rate etc. and that as here it was impossible
for deputy of Board, that he did not
intend to stand at any longer it etc.
Then Harding opposed by saying the bankers
could not open such certain preliminary
accomplished, that he should never
again vote for anyone against his
honest convictions etc etc. -- referring to the
work of assistant.
I replied to Warburg that I had never &
could never influence Board to vote
against its convictions; that Williams & I
who had fought and voted with the Secy
had great affection for and respect for
his opinion. W. then said or implied we
were voting w. Secy because of affection etc.
Williams & I denied this and I said
the most significant defense to any
others opinion was our deference to W.
a subject of strong as ever either can lend
room to fear that chance might be
attacked or ground that strong could not
have courage to w. stand N.Y. calculate
