188
189
Your authentics often members of the Board had
if he were but clear about the it could
seem anomalous i. e. g. in New Years day to
have the two elected, take the Vice
Governor seat of Board and he thought
the whole Board should have stated Sunday.
11:29
It strongly called. Said I give him letter to Secretary and
Purdt gave him an interview & accepted invitation
to speak at dedication of tablet given by Eng. to
Colleges House in Colo. Purdt & Daily declared liquid
abstinct district of White House. Engaged invitation
will sent out w. approval of Secretary. commence
to leave place next Wed. Dec. 2. That a few days ago
Purdt wrote letter w. drawing invite asking that
attendance materially might be violated: that
the Invite was in despair & entertained giving
up whole matter stating publicity it was owing
to Purdts w. drawal. I said I would see
him publicly
Monday.
11:30
Called on Secretary: he said Medors had written
Purdt to w. draw invitation because of row
of city w. annex. funds over new buildings on
City En. etc. I said I did not know Medors
had written or I should not have come to
him; that I found such action cold
injustices admitted politically as it would send
back the aristocrats furnishing whole country.
7. said he agreed it was a terrible error
was very sore on Medors said that believe
Regan Daniels & Me Adors then Purdt was having a
liberal time. Said he could speak to President's let
me know.
Said also Purdt made great mistake in his
attitude on Segregation. I said if he had known
facts he need not have justified, obviously,
enforced segregation as this was rent. at least
in this locality women, ladies women, and during
hours in new Bank. Eng. & Secyty. Colored while
looking to him & he said I ought to see Purdt
and tell him about it; I said I had happened
a mission for Sec. Medors a few days ago.
He also said Purdt doubt away from ourselves
too much: that they always write a detailed
description to him as an individual; that recently
when going for Thompson to Williamsburg
he urged him to leave City board would
to avoid crowded sitting room; that this board
made him very uncomfortable.
Said also of Revenue Board & members of a
city & resignation; said this would ruin the
Democratic party as the members of at least
Warburg & Daniels were big men and the people
might sell w. them.
I told him this was and would be done
but I felt I old keep the Board together
provided they did not feel bannicated & I
left him of their desire to have their states
fixed.
He said Purdt was disgusted with some of
them & could live to remove them; that he
said "They want their states fixed? well, I
