170
influential. This rotten staggued him & I
added that the only criticism I had
heard of myself that I was too
brutish in persuading & not elected enough.
W. H. Harding then both opposed every
sudden changing of the bonus & spoke
of past that of amendment as to revenue
was not adopted by Congress the Republicans would be perfectly forced to close it.
I which itself even if ammend did not
pass I still vote to open the door as
soon as the inc. parliament was accomplised this thing would have to close
next day as I believed it was our duty
to carry out the will of Congress.
Harding attempted I said that I would
vote to open at once before even inc.
parliamentaries were assembled and
was very rude but I made my stand
clear.
Hinton said I appreciated that resolution
W. H. and H. were in sympathy with the
act which amended & that they believed
until amended the box still remains
open. They denied this rotten fact only
when I reminded them of the about
for the Inc. Cannon in the proposed
amends written by W. G. sufficiently concealed
by H. saying box still remains open
unless amended. Then somewhat
quelled the
finality Miller remarked that they both be
171
adopted a law to consider & report next
week. just what returning states should be
leave before opening.
Then W. began again about difficulty of
Board & that they were only one member
that unworkability was in me as far
& I replied that I should stand no
unworkability & find satisfaction I had
discharged my duties fairly and justly.
Then Miller delivered an analysis of
of the seeps character -- brilliant and
ambitious but unable to give me time
to devote of Bed; that it was more or less
annoying to discuss a quiet purchase our
home & suddenly have been come in &
have to go over all again & be instructed
probably have to change our reasons to
please seeps exact judgments.
finally the meeting adjourned.
I am about satisfied W. is absolutely
out of sympathy with W. H. & I can tell
you at once a vast system of
contagion with N.Y. the fundamental
facts & that he is representing the
interests of the N.Y. business with the
the people -- not in fact I suspect he
has little sympathy with the people.
