194
and has already of itself of course undertaken
and legislated and to put the Revenue
Board behind them.
I added that in my opinion the Revenue
Board outranked and sees from the very
nature of the great powers granted to
them by Congress, while ant sees had no power
whatever of right to carry out the orders
of the Sec'y and from the further fact that
the Board was absolutely independent,
as ruled by the Atty Gen, in so far as its
principal duties were concerned.
Sec. M. then expressed doubts as to the action
taken by the Com. Comr., Com. Secs., Comr., etc.
I said the Revenue Board depended from a
Comr a) it has on it a cabinet officer b)
it is independent c) there is no official
from its decision.
I begged the Secy to take up the matter
but he did not want to and finally
suggested that Phillips had better do this.
Finally I brought matters before the
Board and it informally asked Delano
and Miller to see Phillips later.
Subsequently Phillips told me he had had
a late meeting with both and that Miller was
very bitter.
I told Phillips that it was a far reaching
matter, that the members were big men
and had taken office many at great
financial sacrifice & that to make them
but humbled and ruin their work
and usefulness. He seemed very much
195
disturbed and said "you have the Board here
already decided the question". I did not
know this nor how he had decided it
and did not ask. He added "However he
will undoubtedly change if the St. debt
assists him and we must salvage the Board
and I will recommend that the Board be
given a status above ant sees.
Have not heard from the matter since
night that we have a dinner Monday Jan 11
at which Harding & Ant Sec. Malbum were
present: I asked loose of the state
debt how to seat them and that him a
day from hitting Malbum ahead of Harding.
He wrote a letter saying that he had
changed the list hitting Harding ahead of
Malbum.
Sec. Smith told me at my house now Thurs
day that Sec. M. was distressed about
the Atty Gen opinion that the Board was
independent of the Treasury. Sec. Smith
also told me that it was absurd not to
put the Revenue Board ahead of ant sees &
the Miller both Berton.
At a dinner Jan 13 at Sec. Berton's he
told Berton we were clearly ahead of
ant sees.
Atty Gen Briggs in the latter part of Dec.
told me over the telephone that he had
no difficulty in deciding that we were
independent of the Treasury but that he
