166
Monday or Sat. the Secy said he had telephoned
Board who said I would serve & that he
(Mayor B.) in which thought I would select
would be a wise one
On Monday or Tuesday at another meeting
Orlando moved to remove election
of Wolfr. Much rather bitter discussion
followed. I said that as the objection
to W. came from Johnsons remiss to
Wolfr. W. should have a chance to
be informed of the & to answer the
billions agreed on me. Wolfr. was very
mad & said if this were done he would
never again give any confidential information to the Board. Finally we voted it
was murder to remove, Williams, the
Secy & I voting no and Harding, Fuller
Delano & Wolfr. voting agt.
finally, as above stated, Wolfr. was
electd.
The Secy was very indignant at the
treatment of his request for leave of
absence - said he had told me it
was over w. Russell Wilson who said he could
consider it his duty to remove any one
lacking the Philistines honesty that
our Board would hear no sin or sin
excited by emotion
During the discussion about Mr. Wolfr. stated
that he would agree if W's election were
voted down that he would vote for him in
first vacancy out year from date; or that he
167
would agree that we should tell him that we could
not give influence to him elect a member
of the Admission Council or of some local
Court to be formed in connection with the
U.S. Res. Bank. My answer was that if he in
dictum a year from now he would be satisfied
Friday.
Tristin Waste of St Louis and a Court of St Louis
merchants came in advocate a 150 million
fund to trust, capital governor, bondholders, Whigs etc.
Res. Bd named myself, Harding and
Wolfr. to trust. He disclosed plan for 3
bonds. As originally presented a syndicate
were to be formed which would raise
150 millions for wb. thing went to secure
7% net. The syndicate managers were to
earn their through bonds as their agents to
banks in South who were to lend to
individuals at rate of not over 6% per lb
& were to rediscount the notes at rate
of 7% plus fraction sum of 1/100 of 1% per
month (1 1/2% per year) to cover expenses of
managers and commissions to Managers & their
affray bankers. No limit was put on what
the borrowing bankers still charge borrowers.
After long discussion they reluctantly
agreed to limit rate to 8 1/2% 7%.
We further said that the exact terms to
be hard must be expressly stated and I
said that having one syndicate manager
would not be satisfactory but at that
