192
states to anti Sec & the should not be left in
which the voter was anti Secs -- Secs of Legis-
Res. Bd. & armed with my opinion, I said of
fact that Res. Bd. untrammelled anti Secs as
the Res had in at the Sec. of Treasury & land
road inclusive powers -- that anti Secs had no
power except under orders of the Secy. He asserted
how Res diffused from H. Comm and I said by
fact that Secy of Treasury was on it, He said the
President must settle it.
I then called on him fully on another matter and
took him, also took from the St. Jeffs land distribution
law down 8 or 10 members -- on Philadelphias latest
cut. He was furious & said no Republican
on the board of Commissioners -- he was also
insistent that we outmanoeuvred the Republicans.
This evening dinner w Allen Sec. Philadelphias was
mine & again stayed to me quite satisfied about
my opinion saying he had sent letter to President.
I reiterated my opinion and said the Board
that day or next would be to make an offer
of Finance Bd coordinate in some cases to outmanoeu-
ver Sec of Legisn. He at once agreed to this & said
it was a holding solution of his could create
the President -- I advised him not to & said
I would leave it up to Sec. Maddox.
Monday
Sec. M returned from South. Asked me about
states of Res & I told him are the facts,
to my surprise I found him supporting my
opinion of difficulties on the given states to
hand ahead of anti Secs. He saw some difficulty
193
to making them of equal strength. He insisted saying
that these difficulties were suggested by the
President -- that he had nothing to do with it,
that he would be delighted personally etc etc.
It was perfectly evident that he did not
want the Res to have any high status
Williams showed me a letter from Gen. Res. Agt
Paun of blaming why Directors turned down
Martin. So the only Res job was Martin
that Martin admitted he did not protect
but give such duties; that he was affected
with Interminerals & Martin was great magnates
in Sec. await to such insolence etc.
Dec. 8. to June 1. 1915
too busy to write in diary.
Had several conferences with anti Sec Philadelphias
over with Sec. Maddox, at wh. Sec. M. insisted
shooting up the difficulties of making Res. Bd
make ahead of anti Secs. and of course the
Philadelphias agreed with him. I told Martin both
frankly that I did not care a straw about
the matter but that my associates felt
very kindly about it and several had said
they never would accept membership
on the Board if they thought their relations
position was to be on a low cut with anti
Secs -- that it could interfere with their
duties to keep them in such a relatively
low position, especially the minute originally
suggested to the Board by Philadelphias -- to keep
