190
will status then! ”
I explained to Huntley that at originally might
have been their social status, as President thought,
but that was not the condition now; that
they felt they were part of the army
under lead of President & that he stood by
them forever with them in fighting or private
in the ranks or as officers; that there
were many questions abroad in which they
could give great trouble -- that they felt
they had great power -- for greater than
I believed they had, and that it would
be for Carson to reduce them to accept
variousable limitations of powers of the
President showed that he knew a tough opposition
of their status, but that as he
humiliated them by e.g. putting them below
sentense -- it would certainly make them
more troublesome on to their extreme powers,
and that if their powers were what they
claimed they would be as powerful as the
President himself.
He agreed w. me & said he would get President
to tell Ass. Sec. Phillips to have no action
in matter of status matter be carried
on him.; also said President should invite
them to lunch & pay such attention to
them
191
Nov 30 Monday.
Trained w. Ant Sec. Roosevelt. British Ambassador
threw: asked me if I thought it about time
for Bout. Sent to reply immediately to our
proposals through Sec. War. Paris. Knowing
Sec. Maddox's attitude -- explained to Sec Bout
that he could be glad to have all negotiations
kept -- I told him that believing personally
and entirely unofficially, I send no reason
for urgency in view of the great importance
of our expedition to the North.
Williams, Comdt. & Wallach came in -- I think this was
this day -- to speak of Martin Sec. Maddox's opinion how.
They had a dispute from Peabody, but directors of
Seattle, survey division had voted not to consider
Martin. W. was very indignant & Wallach tried
a lot to be persuaded to send Peabody sitting there
he must fix the matter. I said this would not
do & that it might embarrass the Sec. Bel, Sec. W.
& the President, leave said even if it became doubtful
it could embarrass nobody as Martin was the
best man for the place etc (?). I said it would
put on the directors hands a question they did
not agree with us and the matter should now
be dropped. I sent them what they finally did
but fear some must make some break.
Sec 5 Sat.
Turned w. their Sec. Ant Sec.
called on Ass Sec. Phillips at two request to leave
over status of Mr Bel. He said St. Batt had
reached conclusion that Mr. Bel was inferior in
</
