198
the question may be asked - what difference does it make? The answer is, in my view Sec 14
relates only to extracordian powers to be
used only when actually necessary for the
protection of the Fed. Reserve system under
stringent regulations, while accord. to Warburgs
view Sec 13 gives powers to put Res bank to
discount St. Bk acceptances and private
bankers acceptances as a regular operation.
To my mind, everything under Sec 13 must
be done as a matter of right on the part of
these capitalized c. o. state Bkrs, & under bankers
as well as Members (of 13 even more than), while
Sec 14 is simply an authority to do certain
things when beneficial to the Fed Res system.
In other words under Warburgs theory it is
our duty to invest a certain portion of our
reserves in acceptances of St Bkrs and private
bkrs. I agree that such is our duty as to
all property covered by S 13 c. o. Members but
acceptances had that all other acceptances
must be governed by our consideration of
the needs of the Fed Res system. In actual
practice, W. S. theory might result in a
very large proportion of our assets being
constantly invested in acceptances of
bankers or private bankers outside of
the system resulting in inability of the
banks to keep all our Res bank liquidity
operations.
Legislatively, W. embodied all authority to
make such investments to acceptances when
199
endorsed by Members here which at least had
the merit of giving the direct control of
the operations to such bankers. Ever since
objected vigorously to this & W. agreed
his views & tried to give all members without
any limitation to member bank instruments
alto the Fed Adm. Council officially told
us they should be so limited.
I also insisted a limit should be set to
the amount with a Fed Res bank should
so invest & W. forgot this bitterly as also
my proposition that a limit should be
set to a certain proportion of its instruments
of any private bankers or banks thus
accommodated.
Finally we arranged a rather W. drew a
draft of regulations under S. 14 which covered the
broad consideration of acceptances etc. he
contended for under S. 13 -- & finally after
consultation w. Willis agreed to accept them
as a compromise, thus being omitted a
statement that the limited sort of the
law limited such transactions to acceptances
of member bankers or endorsements by
member bankers. I insisted however in
the other limitations mentioned above.
Thus came out a letter from Senator Austin enclosing a telegram
from Jacob Schiff instructing against Federal Res. banks
discounting acceptances of bankers and bankers
for the assistance of the Russian Govt. Sec. H.
