162
the Miller presented complaint to them that
the Judge of Atlanta could soon have to
shut its door if called in for gold.
This was based on Warburg's opinion. They
both forgot that the old protest debt
by raising discount rate. They also seem
to think the banks must furnish all gold
needed for export as of they were the
only bankers in the U.S.
They are both unduly pessimistic.
Wednesday.
Today we furnished election of East directors by
declining the Cleveland bank directors. United
now every election was unanimous by on the
election of Henry Wolfe, Messer Orleans, Miller &
Warburg voted No. Mr. Harding said that while
subsidized that Wolfe had the character &
ability requisite yet he feared that the
matter might be embroiled as a political
issue &c. he felt constrained to vote no
Wolfe. He said however that in view of
the fact that W. was elected last week
and the City was authorized to give this
to Mayor Baker of Cleveland an advance vote
now -- the matter having already been
settled but the City in a very awkward &
embarrassing position & he should in vote
for Wolfe.
The vote stood: Ayl, Wellington, Hardin, &
Harding: No. Orleans, Miller & Warburg. The City
163
Director voted Ayl & W. were declared elected.
This was quite a bitter conflict over this
matter. Miller was told the City liked his
vote was voting to save the City from
himself!
Sometime ago Sen. Burton went over the
various members with me & obliquely told
Wolfe not apparently in any ground of
character or fitness but chiefly as I
remember, on the ground that Wolfe had
not treated him fairly in his remuneration.
That over he had taken a few sentences
from one of his speeches & had magnified
them infinitely & had addressed him magnificently.
I have high opinion of Burton & would not
willingly do any thing to offend him but
in leaving over W. & endorsements I was
satisfied that he was among the best
men for this place & that not to appoint
will be to do the very thing we all sought
to avoid -- to allow political reasons to
influence us.
Sen. Pomeroy was very strongly interested
in Wolfe & testified to his high character.
Last week in the week before we
dealt with former Johnson of Cleveland to the
honor but he declined to take it
because of his professional relations to
bananas etc.
At one request he came in and was
very bitter towards Wolfe. Warburg said
he told him that whenever Wolfe got
