180
in West. Railway would hold about £200,000 to
meet 5 million if claim ofalty £100,000 was
obtained. They also stipulated in Bostin that the
Emergency Fund was to give preference to
them A contribution. Nothing in the aspect
as to this but Harding said it was the
intent & such terms must have been
omitted by them.
See Meadnor said Alty £100,000 did not amount to
an asset obtain by forced letter as yet but would
see him. Later he came over & had conference
with Secy at Secy's request I wrote him a
letter & stated request of Bostin clearing
Houston Court.
see Meadnor said he would give the suggestion
of the bankers commit me to a 100 million loan
from Brit. Govt or Govt of England to Sir George in
his general approval of promptitude and that
working & I went obtained a sub commit to
present Reserve Bd of us should have
in it & he finally agreed to this.
3 P.M. Meeting led. Secy. Warburg, Cost and
En. Geo. & Mr Blaisdell.
see M. said he appeared in presence of
the suggestions of the bankers commit & that
Sir Geo old cable it over informally
althe bankers would not sign it unless
promised. I suggested that reference to
Brit. Govt be dismissed as it was merely
a suggestion of a plan from the bankers
181
and finally the suggestion was amended so
that it read that the loan was to be
arranged by or through the Govt of England
or either British bankers.
I immediately letter of bankers - originally
addressed to me -- so that it was addressed
to Warburg & myself as a sub commit of Houston
Bd: also drafted a letter from Warburg &
myself to Sec. transmitting the bankers letter
to the Secy of our approval of the principle
of the plan, stating that we were authorized
by Sir Bd. thus to transmit it. The Secy
permitted Sir Geo to send him a letter of
approval tomorrow.
4.45 called meeting of Rev. Bd in which
authorized me to forward letter to
Secy.
At Sir E's suggestion the bankers letter to
Warburg himself was slightly amended
by adding clause that the suggestion was
merely a tentative one & making it
clear -- as was the first -- that it came
from the bankers & was not suggested
by Sir Geo. Warburg called out strong and
declared the letter with the bankers commit
was to send me
