184
of indictment by a federal admiralty.
Haleton also went to Shields and secured opinion of
John S. Johnson. The complete opinion was
not published -- only the latter part advice
against such securities. Mr. Duvivier of Bristol
of 1st Natl Bank told me that Johnson
held that the Anti Trust laws would not
violate.
The Secy invited a member of Boston loan
President to meet him in Wash. Friday Nov.
13. but all reported for me warm in support
of William Amory Chief of Webster Station who
came in & later subscribed to fund.
Boston told me in confidence that Stockton
of Old Col. Trust Co. defeated the motion to
subscribe -- it was defeated by one vote.
Easter Abbott came down Sat. Nov 14
and said Stockton (or his father Howard
Stockton or both) also voted against it
in the Merchant Natl (Howard Stockton in a
less keen)
Boston also said that the cotton shippers
were fighting the fund as they felt it would
raise such of cotton they had to buy.
Col. Hefzmann wrote to same effect to
Sec. Maddox.
Duvivier told me that the Stockton , the
Duncan and the Prudenerfast and also
Kiddie (probably the Bourget ) is bitterly
hurrying Am. entitled who Stockton & Thayer and
185
asked them if they could not vote to invest a
$500,000 claim & certificate without joining the project.
They said they could take this up.
Stockton was somewhat angry at Shutes that
Boston wanted the gold back for its own
benefit but was unwilling to hold Shutes
to capital; said Boston did not want or
need the gold back, -- that the bankers since
their share -- preliminary very reluctantly; he
even intimated that Shutes gave out the
bankers money that Boston had $5
millions of gold obligations -- was not true.
He asked Shutes a letter quoting letters
from Bald Burtt of Elianz b. arrest strongly
inspiring will of a gold back -- saying the
whole Elianz b. loans encumbered (he left
to him).
Stockton & Thayer both said they did not
subscribe. Stockton said in telegrams that
he would not even lend it to a vote on
this policy was never to put to a vote
any matter against wh. there was strong
objection (!).
On disquieted w. the Boston bankers I am
satisfied their refusal to come in was
dull to,
1) anger at indictment of N. Haven directors
2) Republican holdouts.
3) Subfluence of cotton ministers who looked
with bitterness to dubious cotton.
4) that question of Anti Trust laws was
merely a subordinate.
