32
of hangarwood.
dived in cutting at West, chute matter returned. We should
have nothing Capitlin and returned to their quarters.
Sep 27. Monday
event occurring at West, chute matter returned - identical
to here Smith's radio check, cut it back.
Met Dr. Robinson then. He said Roberts' reply was
at this time Carter Hildreth & must be heard
from his house; that she was very much
stirred with & very susceptible about the business
a statement or to her relations with her mother
that she would be dead at any moment; that she was
very angry because her clothes had looked
matter from about two; that she knew I
had also looked with him and at him he
intimated that she even angry with me for
doing this; later however, he said she
was not angry with me. I told him she
had given me full authority to talk with
her at any time; that I could not imagine
how she knew I had looked at her
last summer. He said she did know how little
he said on her opinion she was of sound and
decisive mind, although she was naturally
33
and intensely nervous. He said he absolutely opposed
with me or to the desirability of him putting
down his expressions with her mother.
Sep 28. Tuesday
meeting of Mr. Adl. Council discussed this rate
question. Mr J. said the Board might probably
come down before it takes requests; to median
rates at Chicago from 5 to 5 1/2; to reduced rates
at Cleveland from 5 1/2 to 4 1/2 to 3; that the City
would substantially stick to present rates.
The council seemed generally to adhere
both, laying ground that to lower Cleveland
rate to 4 1/2 would be continued on a change
of policy of the system which would effect
our stock exchange operation.
Mr. Hulbert of New City said that if total
emendation warranted a lower rate at
Cleveland it should be put in.
The convenience of citizens was that the
5% rate was not imposing business.
Mr. Alexander said that the fact that
business men had to pay at least 6 1/2
was disheartening.
He agreed with Mr. Young that the desired
rate at the present time was a 5 dollar
34
