124
Jan. 5. Sat.
Warburg was with Board from 10 to 2. P.M. He
said:
1. He believed the Fed should not undertake to
have an asset. rates when they became effective;
that to exercise their powers of purchasing a
minimum & maximum rate was sufficient.
2. He rather obtained action of 4 9/16 points in
increasing asset. rates; that it could make
assets more attractive to bankers and that
while this greater benefit might go to
foreign Cent. who would invest in
them, he felt it would undoubtedly
broaden the market on domestic bonds,
capitalizes it.
3. He said this increase might give an increase
in discount rates, which meant he believed
justified
4. He agreed to two things that increased of
acceptance, closed into call loan
market much more slowly than C.S.
finest, or two C.S's.
5. Or they said this of this would incline
him to abandon this direct, menace for
which was no justification for it except
it could lead to direct money from this
call loan market.
6. He believed we should continue to use
steady purchase of real. in as extensive
and diverse rates.
7. He believed, wholly about for any question of
inflation that the N.Y. Bank had the right
to violate itself by a flood of securities
by increasing rates.
8. He said the acceptance and today, adding the
Corn was higher than the discount risk.
9. He asked him why two things could be killed
completely in Dec. 1924 that asset. rates held
he built about ten direct rate (5 9/16) - even
ridiculous.
10. Warburg said it was ridiculous in asset.
even better than Corn. values.
11. He denied he ever made such a claim
and still wrote him regarding him being
claiming that he did.
(In the Bank)
Warburg reiterated that we should keep
price it calculate by increasing discount
rates.
(Board to Watson Richmond)
Damage decision, rate on all last cash. Notes held
by First bonds.
125
12. He believed we should continue to use
steady purchase of real. in as extensive
and diversification rates.
13. He believed, wholly about for any question of
inflation that the N.Y. Bank had the right
