50
retail store and had established when; that store
new store had not ever added to their grain
sales but the increase may have come from
merchants existing stores; that this statement
did not represent additionals brought by the
public.
Goldmeirin explained that while this money
is true, it was covered by that part of the
statement that his business or mines business
placed in vaults or invested in the number
of retail outlets placed in different parts of
the country.
James Steeles objected and moved to discontinue
the whole statement of retail trade.
Critt moved that the statement be amended
by adding that that this store, unless the
number of stores be ascertaind & published
should not be taken as a measure of retail
trade.
Dealed. Critt & former voting Ays.
En J. Miller, Platt. Cunningham Va
It was finally agreed that the store should
be published, but a proof of balance should
be sent in the Bulletin.
James ed. Steeles Crt. was insulting and debauched
& that our store could retail dealers then
51
public & must the Crt. in publishing this statement.
Be Court not examine of H. H. Crt.
Ever Young observed a violation that establish the
Magnits be charged with their duty; that
Critt exam. He then Crt. given duty of seeing that
the Magnits perform their duty; that Magnits
should not longer send reports of state examination
to Board; that Examinee dies -- He died -- child
be acquainted.
Cunningham objected. Must reports should
continue to be sent to Bd.
Critt suggested that if so they should be
sent to Heeren & Steeles seemed to consider
Cunningham.
Heiller advised that Heeren Crt. required to
attend to Eva Young to which latter opposed
finally not agreed to print Eva Y's statement
& to have Steeles rule when he returned
from Texas.
Heiller did not seem to have the talent
Critt believed it a fair solution
at last meeting Red voted a formal violation
that credit investigation should no longer be
used in lieu of examination & cost of examination
must be assumed on behalf examined, but
