May 13th. Since writing the previous part of my letter I have no
thought is best to write to all our Govt Agents in the principal
countries of Europe, advising them of the state of things in regard
to Robinson's operations; this I do in self defence lest it be supposed
that any trick of his, or unfair dealing has my sanction, and
so bring discredit on the country and on me.
Telegraph matters on the large scale are doing well. The
line to New Orleans is in rapid progress of construction. The money
receivabty is subscribed, and the Contractor thinks it will be in operation
by the time Congress comes together. If it is ready by the 1st of January
next it will be well. Our Western line difficulties are not yet settled.
But on the extended scale of our operations, that line is comparatively
insignificant, and we can wait our time. My system is in rapid
progress in Canada, although with trifling benefit pecuniarily to myself, still
the becoming the adoption of my system is something. A line from Toronto
to Louisville already connects with our Buffalo line. Another from Toronto to
Montreal is building, all the posts being on the ground (400 miles). From
Montreal to Quebec 150 miles contracted for; from Quebec to Halifax 700 miles
fully contracted for. On these I (or rather the Patents) get 10 p.c. on cost of construction.
I think there will be a dividend on the Southern line, as well as Buffalo
Madigan line in July or August. Our receipts (gross) on each of the two lines
W.Y.-Buffalo & N.Y.- Wash. are about $800,000 p'c week and on the increase.
I have made arrangements with F.A.J.S. to exchange all my interest in Boston
line for an equal amount of his interest on the Southern line, so as to withdraw
all responsibility from me on Boston line, which is in debt and will not work out
probably under a year. Smith is Smith's pet, and so likely to be, but I have become
used to him, and you would be surprised to find how well oil & water of
year to year. There must be Croesus, and the aim should be rather to bear them
peacefully, graciously, and patiently than to have them removed.
May 14th. I must close my letter today for fear of accidents in time to
tomorrow's mail, I shall send you Saturday's Herald which will
contain a notice of the scandalous piece in the Lon. Morning Chronicle which
you sent me, and also the statistics of my Telegraph lines by which
you will see that there are in actual operation, contracted for, and in
process of construction not less than 9,300 miles of my Telegraph
in the U.S. States and Canada.
You will see by the papers the unparalleled success of our gallant
army in Mexico, the Battle of Buena Vista, Vera Cruz, Cerro Gordo,
probably (Sierra Gorda), and Scott still advancing on Mexico. I hope you
have seen enough of English mistification to believe all that is said
against your country, by her Tory spirits. When all the circumstances
