SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN.
LETTER PRINTING TELEGRAPH.—Figure 2.
EXPLANATION OF FIGURE 2.—The telegraph circuit passes through this machine, being received by the wire Z, and passing through the coil of the magnet A, passes off by the wire B. The electric current in the telegraph circuit is supposed to be suspended, and consequently the armature C is elevated from the magnet by the spring D applied to the armature helve. To the upper side of this helve, immediately over the armature, is attached a wedge shaped projection, which is also nominated a stop, because it stops the motion of the cylinder F, by coming in contact with a series of 28 teeth or cogs which project from the periphery of the cylinder.— These teeth as well as the stop, are wedge-shaped, and being sharp at the ends, the stop when it rises is very certain to pass between some two of the teeth. The type cylinder is about two inches in diameter, mounted on a horizontal shaft G, and contains 28 types, two only of which are represented by the dotted lines H and I; these types are arranged circularly, just inside the periphery of the cylinder, and with sufficient space between them for the arm to connect the periphery to the shaft. A wire spring, represented by dotted lines J, extends from the shaft to each of the types, and serves to return it to its position when it has been pressed forward. The cylinder, when not restrained by the stop, is put in motion by a belt K, which communicates with another wheel impelled by a weight or spring. The motion of the cylinder is regulated by means of a verge L, which plays into a scape ment wheel M, which has 28 teeth, and revolves at the rate of 130 times per minute.— The strip of paper N O, is drawn from a roll not represented, and passes over the register, roller P, passing between that and the friction roller Q. A horizontal punch R, is attached to a pivot at the end of the punch shaft S, a little below the centre, and extends to the type cylinder and nearly in contact with the horizontal blade and of the type (This punch may be connected to a central crane between the bearings of the punch shaft.) This shaft, when not restrained, is put in quick motion by means of the belt T T, which connects with a wheel driven by a weight or spring— This punch shaft is restrained by an elastic hook U, which takes to a horn projecting from the helve of the armature; and when released from this horn by the depression of the armature, it is restrained by another horn V, which takes to a tooth projecting from the side of the horn V. An ink-roller W, is mounted in front of the types, and distributes a very soft printing ink to the faces thereof as they pass around. A ratchet X, is attached to the end of the register roller, and a hood spring Y, projects forward from a cross-bar which is attached to the punch shaft, and takes to the teeth of the ratchet near P. We shall now describe its operation.—When a key of fig. 1 is depressed, the telegraph circuit is closed as before described, and at the same instant the armature of fig. 2 is attracted to the magnet, and the type cylinder is put in motion with a velocity precisely equal to that of the stop-wheel, fig. 1. When the stop strikes the key, the telegraph circuit being broken, the stop of fig. 2 stops the type cylinder, and the punch shaft being liberated, revolves at the same instant, by which the punch forces one of the types against the paper, and the spring hook taking to the teeth of the ratchet draws forward the register roller with the paper, and the punch shaft is stopped by the hook taking to the horn V. It will be understood that the types are so arranged that the punch will invariably project the same letter which is on the depressed key: for by means of the wedge shape of the stop and the teeth, any variation of the motion of the scapement wheels of the two machines, less than half a tooth in a single revolution, will be adjusted when the wheels stop. The type which answers to the blank key, is a blank too short to reach the paper, and is used to space between the letters. The star is used to designate the letters which are used for numerals; also interrogation and when placed after a space, it signifies a change or a final class of subject. These types are mounted somewhat very light, so it is important that the inertia of the stop-wheel and the type cylinder should be exactly equal, that equal times may be occupied in moving equal distances: but if any error occurs, the attendant will readily right it. We shall put these machines in progress of construction immediately.—En. SCL. AMER.
