New York May 8th 1847
Dear Sidney,
We received your letter by the Caladenia, with its enclosure cut from the Morning Chronicle respecting the Telegraph of Houses.
Was there ever such aubfaced fraud! I wait to see your note to the Editor exposing it. There is not a mile of Houses Telegraph in operation or likely to be in operation in this country! Messrs. Livingston & Roberts are constructing the Telegraph under my Patent and immediately commenced with me the 8th letter in minute work performed by my Telegraph instruments. House has only exhibited his machine in a room. It is a perfect humbug. He could not put it in operation even if he were allowed by me liberty to try. He cannot use it in a room without using parts which are covered by my Patent. The whole article which has been palmed off on the Chronicle is doubtless from inherent marks which I see in it. It is the product of the same hand that wrote the ephemeral abortive proofs in this country, for example, in both are the constant repetition of the word "treating" as though it were impossible for any mistake to be committed by his machine. The object of these innocent expedited means is undoubtedly to deceive the English if they can into a belief that it is Houses system which is so successful here in order that they may get some return for their expenses on their abortive breathing which could not be obtained here. I shall expose them here and perhaps send you a copy in the papers by this opportunity. It is an attempt at deliberate fraud, and as such the English public ought to be put on their guard against it.
While on this subject I must also say that on Monday next May 10th the Northumberland Packet sails for England, and in her will go a party consisting of Mr. Wilson Robertson, his son, and a son of my former friend Chaplin of Native American territory. They have had my instruments made, and are going to try their fortune with them in Europe. Their first attempt was to do entirely without me or consulting with me, and the elder Robertson was an enemy of Houses, and while there was any prospect of doing anything with that humbug, upballed it against me, thinking it a faction with me and got my sanction. This I have not given, for Smith refuses to have any thing to do with him, and I have totally learned that he is wholly devoid of principle, his only object being to get money, any how, and any where. I regret this much because the son is an adept at the manipulation of my system, understands it perfectly, and young Chaplin as far as I can learn is also a clever young man, and I should be glad to support the latter if I could consistently. As it is I cannot, I know not how to act in regard to the matter. I only wish it known, say to Mr Bancroft and others that they do not go out with my sanction, but it is in consequence of the character of the elder Robertson rather than of the other two. You may at your discretion say this to Mr. Bancroft from me -- My agent in London to procure for me a special act of Parliament will be Jacob Bigelow, Esq. of Washington, who either by himself or by Mr Greenough Patent Agent of Washington will proceed to England very shortly for the purpose. Any attempt to use my name by any others, or my instruments, is without my sanction and wholly unauthorized by me.
