Plate III. Fig. 2, is a birdseye view of the key
plate of the Correspondent, containing 36 keys, one for
each letter of the Alphabet, the numerals, and a dash.
Fig. 2, is a section of the key plate showing the
mechanism beneath. a in figs. 1 & 2, is the stylus being
an arm of metal extending from the shaft f. and in
its present position, held in its place by the circular
carried on the key plate. The quadrant
are keys + H moves up or down upon the shaft, this made
to move down, by the pressure of the key upon
the lever d. for that purpose but does nothing and affixed to
the lever d. each key has its fulcrum at R which has its fulcrum at R each key has a similar lever
each depressing the detent B, when any key is pressed
down, a spiral spring g, returns the stylus to its place
whenever the key is released. and thus holds the stylus in its place and thus holds the stylus to its place and thus holds the stylus to its place
each key also has a small special spring, which restores the key to its place. from
the head of each key, are two flanges or projections. The flange
i plays in a slit or cog which simply serves to keep the key
from turning round the flanges etc., when the key is pressed, the stylus is while the other
freely to revolve around the circle, but if around the circle, but if any one is depressed, the stylus is
of that key, when the key thin depressed returns to its place
the cog of the detent rises and holds the till another key is
pressed down when the stylus again revolves till the flange
of a key presses presses presses presses presses presses presses presses it. On the shaft f. at any convenient point as at M. is a circuit break, having as many
metallic points on the periphery of the wheel as there are
keys for characters. N, N, N, are either space, or a filling of some
non conducting substance. This break is revolved by ordinary
connected with the motor wheel, + machinery. or contact with
spring, connected with a Condenser C. -- the other Condenser
is temporarily connected with the metal of the shaft socket g. which
is also connected with the metallic points of the break wheel,
or of any point centrally between them and
ring of ivory, + upon which the ends of the levers A.
just insulate them from the metal of the shaft. --
