2
Third Question Would it be an infringement of (Mr. Morse claims
Rights) to apply the motive power of magnetism to dry balls
of different colors and thus forming signs for telegraphic
communication? The sign thus formed being retained any length
of time for the convenience of reading off.
These questions arise upon the Patent granted
to S. F. B. Morse, dated 15th June 1840. At the commencement
of his specification Mr. Morse declares that he has invented
a new and useful apparatus & system of transmitting intelligence
between distant points by means of Electric magnets which
put in Motion Machinery for producing sounds, or signs and
recording the signs upon paper or other suitable material. I
see nothing further in the Specification bearing on the questions
proposed till we come to the claim which is as follows: "Having
this fully described my invention, I wish it to be understood
that I do not claim the use of galvanic current or currents of
electricity for the purpose of telegraphic communication, but
what I especially claim as my invention and improvement is
making use of the motive power of magnetism when developed by
the action of such current or currents as a means of operating
or giving motion to machinery which may be used to imprint
signs upon paper or other suitable material or to produce
sounds in any desired manner for the purpose of telegraphic
communication. The only ways in which the galvanic current
has heretofore been proposed to be used is by decomposition
and the action or exercise of the deflective force of a current
upon a magnetized bar or needle and the decompositions
and deflections thus produced were the subject of no
section and had no power of recording the communication.
I therefore characterize my invention as the first recording or
printing Telegraph by means of Electric Magnetism. There
are various known modes of producing motions by Electric
magnetism, but none of these have hitherto been applied to
3. Quentin Quinlans should it be an infringement to use this motive power of magnetism to make dots alone
to indicate letters by their position upon the paper.
