first patent and this is granting probably more than can be
proved. From the short time I have had to examine books on
this subject it appears to me that Mr. Morse's plan excepting
the idea of making on paper his signs was in print and published
in the periodicals of the day a year or two before the date of his
first patent and some time before he made application for
a patent. His Plan for marking by a system of signs on paper
or some other substance appears to be found in no publication;
and as the evidence now stands before me, I should think that
would be considered as his invention.
The second question proposed involves this considera-
tion of the remaining claims made in this patent, which
are combinations merely and without any claim to be the in-
ventor of any of the elements of these combinations. These combinations
claimed are the combinations of the system of dots and
lines with the telegraph for recording signals. 2d. The combination
of the types and rule with the signal lever as therein described
3. The combination of the clock work with an Electro magnet
for Telegraphic purposes as stated. 4th. The combination of two
or more circuits of Galvanism or electricity generated by independent
batteries by means of electro-magnets as above described, making
in the whole form, combinations which are separately claimed as
independent combinations. This second question proposed really
involves several questions; First what is to be regarded as
Mr. Morse's method of imprinting or recording signals? In
answer I remark that I suppose it is the method or plan by
him specified consisting of a system of dots and lines made by
pens or pencils on paper when moved by the Galvanic power
and if the claim is good, any other combination
this is claimed as a combination, substantially the same, moved
by the same power and for the same purpose, would be an infringement of the patent. The most essential parts of the combination are the dots and lines. If another combination should be
used, when dots only were used or when lines only were used, it
would in my judgment according to the case of Smith v. Fols Pugge
to 16 Peters 336, be an infringement of Mr. Morse's Patent.
