merely philosophical or abstract principle can answer the
word manufacture" By the English Patent Law nothing can be
the subject of a patent that can not be brought under the head
of some new manufacture and our law in principle is the same.
It seems to me that if Mr Morse can patent the exclusive use of
the motive power of Electro magnetism to move machinery to
record sounds or signs for telegraphic communications, Fulton
might well have patented the propelling power of steam when
used to drive certain Machinery to propel a boat thru the
water. Now can the two cases be distinguished? Had Mr
Morse been advised to put his invention in the construction
of the Machinery to be operated upon by the Electromagnetical
power and taken a patent for that, it would have
been for quite a different thing. But it may be said that
the word application as used in Mr Morser's Patent is to have
the same meaning as the word combination; and that the Patent
is to be used as though the Patent had claimed the use
of his Machinery in Combination with Electro Magnetism. To
which I reply that had the patent been so expressed it would
have read very differently from what it does now. Application
and Combination are words of very different meaning.
Combination cannot here be used in place of application without
changing very materially the meaning of the Patent.
But suppose we substitute the word combination. The Patent
would be for a Combination of elements and not for the
elements themselves. These elements would be certain specific
items of Machinery in Combination with Electro magnetism.
If any of the essential parts of this Machinery should be
changed then the identity of the Combination would be destroyed
and the patent would not cover the new Combination. Patents
336 Party & Supplies. My answer, therefore to the first question
proposed, is that the claim for the use of the motive power of
magnetism as made is in form too general and cannot
in my judgment be sustained. In this answer I allow Mr Morse
to be the first and original inventor of all he claims; and that it was
not in print in any Public work before he applied for his
