for expenses and still the dividends will be great. Our line
is now working to Fredericksburg Va. The money is all submitted
to carry it to New Orleans, and the work is in progress at various
points on the route; all will be finished probably by Jan.
1848. The State of Va. through its board of public works takes
the building of the line through that State. We have a charter from
Va. and also from N. Carol. and shall probably get charters in
all the other States, the effect of which will be to continue the
property beyond the time of expiration of patent. My prospects
therefore, are good, although I do not realize at once.
I hardly know what I shall do for the summer but
expect to be travelling perhaps west to Cincinnati, as I
never been over the mountains.
April 25th
One knows not what a day may bring forth, and I had but just written
that the Va. Board of Works had taken the stock for telegraph through the State, when
a letter this moment received from Mr. Kendall says they have decided against it by
a vote of 3 to 2. This deprives me of the immediate receipt of 2000, in
cash which I expected if the vote had been the other way. I have to wait that
is all. It is all right. I expect a growth in the natural world is not the
healthiest growth, and our Heavenly Father chooses in the moral world, so
to temper floods with sunshine as to keep us healthy in soul, if we are his.
There is an underhand intrigue against my interests in Va. fostered by a friend
turned enemy, in the hope to better his own interest, a man whom I have ever tried
as a friend while I had the Govt. patronage to bestow, and gave him office in Bath
since. Having no more Govt. patronage to give, I have no more friendship from him.
Mr. R. has proved himself false notwithstanding his naming his son after me as a
proof of friendship.
1000177. I saw Mr. J.M. Beckman on Sunday evening. They are in good
health. I never saw them look better. I want close in haste love to all
Catherine, Eliza & I. checks.
Yr aff. brother S.F.B. Morse,
