he does, I think I shall shut him up effectually —
Keep on the look out for me for any works on Telegraphy, or
new schemes. All attempts as yet are (without beating,) for
behind mine. — I will keep my letter open till tomorrow to
add any thing of importance. Give a great deal to Sister Catharine
and to Elizabeth, and the Chicks, and remember me to Mary Casey
if she is with you, as I suppose she is. You have heard of your
darkrey nurse Charlottes vagaries I suppose. She is in the Lunatic
Asylum. Can you conceive of such minds, as to be deluded by the
representation of such a creature!
Will you look in some of the French book shops (there is one in Argent-
in, for a number of the Science Scientifique, which contains as I
understand, an article probably written by Wheatstone, respecting Telegraphy, in
which he gives my invention to Dr Jackson based probably on the base letter of
Jackson published in 1839 in the Compte rendu of the Academie des Sciences
if they have not got the work they may probably procure it for you. I shall
need it in case I have a contest with Jackson. — If you obtain it send by next steam
if possible.
No authentic news of the great battle between Taylor 10000, and Santa Anna
25000, but it seems certain that the latter has been defeated. I will resume after
the mail from the South comes in. We are said to be, or we were yesterday in the
tail of a comet, if so, one thing is very certain, it is not half so warm as the tail
of a fox made into a good tippet, if the comet brings such Stormy and cold weather
that soldiers it turns tail the better.
To day is the last before the Steamers sail, so I must be brief. No news
yet from the South except a rumor, which is credited that Vera Cruz is this cas-
the have surrendered to Scott & the squadron without firing a gun. If so it is up
with Mexico. Taylor baffling Santa Anna and his legions in front, and Scott at
Liberty to cut off his retreat to San Luis Potosi he is caught and must surrender, &
as St Anna has the entire army of Mexico with him, Mexico must make peace.
Peace will be made in less than 3 months, I predict.
All well.
Your affectionate brother
Hinley
March 30th morning
March 31st morning
