from that bed of suffering. -- That you should have
saved me a my family in that state is what
I bitterly regret. -- If you were to see me now
what a different impression would you receive
of her industry, a comfort, I must thank you
for acknowledging your opinion of my case.
I knew not what it is to be a minute old
I can say the savviness of the dear girls -- I was
confounded to so little or nothing. I pray, that
I say it myself, do a great deal -- My garden
2 painting give me exercise 2 occupation without
doors & my needle keeps me constantly busy
within -- I am very happy to tell you
that Susan is all Swift her -- I could not
have believed it possible that even religion
could -- alter the natural temper. I hardly
think that such a spiritual world long enough
I imagine it requires too great a constant effort to
be permanent. for 5 or 6 days a great struggle
is in the making. All our habits almost are different,
only opposite to one -- & our views opposing
or mutually important points. But all difficulties
are avoided, & we literally agree to differ &
leave each other at perfect liberty by me, I
mean Mr Smith, & myself, & if we could
always be as we are now, it would be a joy
and a solace. -- I feel nothing but kindness &
tenderness in the most brief terms to make her
as happy & comfortable as possible. She remains
most highly to enjoy the scenery around us delightful
in gathering flowers -- She has collected about
1000 roses, above 60 baskets, viz more than
100000000000000000000000000000000 -- She was quite delighted with her acceptance
20000000000000000000000000000000
She rides to the city almost always with her brother
& while he is at Bank, either visits, or rides about
we have our curious charming rendezvous around ourselves.
I know not whether the pleasantness of our visitation
is an offense against the greatest. Anna Maria has the
hospitable couch & on her account there is order &
good feeling. She has it very lightly. We continue
to assemble in my chamber 20 alterations, where
while one reads the Stars sew. Last week I
read them the life of Madam Elizabeth, the same
you read me -- Kind Madam, I doubt not the old
to me the day before her departure, accomplished
by a sweet note of affection which she begged to
have for best wishes conveyed to you.
Since I last wrote, Philadelphia has been to see
us several times, once after one I had a gay evening -- The
other morning he came out to break fast &
brought with him our Sewal, an agreeable
young lawyer. He is quite well & very lively
now the court is resting -- Mr Hunter, Branch
Calthorn, Pleasanton & several other acquaintances
have been to see Susan & married her
to one of them. Our Crawford with several
of his children spent the day here last Sunday
but Susan came out of her warm only to drink
& did not get much acquainted. -- Mr Bretherton
& Mr Austin on two electrical societies have been still
& please do take much better -- We are now
all in the enjoyment of good health, for any
comfort is so light it does not make her sick
I wish you could write the same good news. Do
you suffer much hair from your ankle & is your
general health affected by this local complaint?
pray let me hear from you, if you can write, either
inconvenience. I quite long for a letter, this will
make two of mine you have to answer, 20 years
must be many long -- what is the nearest mania
does not write -- It is 3 or 4 months since I heard from
her, & I have written since -- but one long series
of all the families & branches & if you cannot offer
so tell Mary I will thank her for a large family picture
from your most loving wife
