Many Scott has been with us about a month. There
is how long she will remain, as she never speaks
of the time she will leave us, I think it very
probable she will remain the summer with us as that
when I saw an armistice that have a large female
agricol; 2. If they are but happier I am sure I shall
be so without other society, this it is not often
we are left to make the experiment as we continue
to have frequent visitors from the city.
I for weeks ago Mrs Catharine left her infant
daughter, about five months old. The moment I
heard of its death I went into the city & offered
on service, 2 stood 2 days 2d at up one night.
But finding the crowded quarters of present I have
often of course on my own account. I suppose that the
high gratification to the feeling of the parents, they
are anxious to be comforted. I am sure in my
intelligent and careful attention. I am sure of the first impressions
fasten on me as an enthusiastic friend of their
attendance in a way not to be denied. The President
called every day to his daughter's house
all the incidents of that day's visit to the city
was denied as the Indians made already engaged. I was one night
at the same time at the evening by the child &
unfortunately left it but told Mrs C. she should
come the next evening I would take no General.
The next morning I would not see the President
at the office of the President came to the
office of the President to be absent, she sent to her father not to come
but the President said it was her father's intention
that he should come as she was the best name in the world
to the President to do. This Adams in the like manner
2 20 others would attend this being the case I did
not remain as I found my self nine the better for
the duties of a night room. All this was not a mere
tale to have no one I am convinced most of it
was from that good wife which both Mr & Mrs C.
have universally executed. They are really beloved.
Coming down occasions death, was a subject of many
events. The same day on which thousands of people
others attended them to his grave, High Grass for
for the Duke of Derby was performed in a splendid
2 solemn morning, in the morning of which an
immense crowd attended, so that the whole day
the whole city, George Town & Alexa andria wagone
in a commotion, for citizens from both these
towns crowded to the city. The afternoon before
Mr Ball wins infant had been buried, attended
by an unusually large train of carriages. This week
had been destined to be the gayest of the season,
& parties for every night in the week were formed
for the trade -- not one of which took place -- for from
the moment Doctor felt, nothing else was thought
of -- this Doctor has left the city house, carriage
to day -- one to be sold to 2 from all this party 2 under
the pretext to celebrate 2 melancholy to me but he
found Mrs Harper, who was in the house, with ever since
since 2 even to her old age, John a simple word --
more impractical than any words, did two events
touch the vanity of the honor & solemnity
of myself & myself.
The last four days have been of extreme heat.
The Thermometers on our entry 84 -- 2 one day at noon
at 90 degrees -- but the effect of this heat, has been
almost magical -- Vegetation burnt forth with the
rudeness & beauty of enchantment & the most
irresistible enchantment for the total destruction
of room except a few office trees, I believe no
fruit has escaped. Which makes me look forward
with dread to the ensuing summer, as the prevalence
of the billows from the steamers were found was
assisted by the physician to be want of fruit. At
present we are all extremities, for a continued
I found my women out of door occupations a
woman, that it was impossible for me to attend to
the children I have fully sensible of the difficulty
in the two girls education I have determined whether
gravitation may be necessary at home -- not to deprive
them of the advantages of a good school, but rather
decreased my good husband of my attending to my
own 2 domestic duties, he instructs in the children &
he consented to my sending them to school. They heard
