The triumph of virtue over temptation - the resources of industry
perseverance - the advantages of a good education - a comfortable situation
for such not endowed with native genius, or uncommon qualities - the
disunity which Virtue & cultivated intellect confuses on poverty - I
can believe for from all her trials & reverses & all her failures
by the return of Theodora - who having outlived his Japan-
ish fortune, stands on a pinnacle of Emily's excellence concern-
ing her two a rather affection, which quite induces him to
offer for her hand. Such is the obstacle of a plan I have long
had in my head. Since Morris' letter, it has occurred
to me, that if you wish to suit try a blend of with lady
story - I shall then be able to entreat the dignity of
spotless virtue - opposed to the same trials & temptations with
the uninteresting sparsity of Lucy. - 2. Some the intrinsic
value of Virtue in the female character. On doing this,
it has occurred to me to send you detailed sketches just
as I wrote them - 2 you can write other sketches to me
in with mine - or alter a correct mine at pleasure.
This it seems to me will be much better than to
write a whole. While it is no difficult to alter - 97
Jan effective of time plan. Since from time to time as it
grows in my mind gives you details of my general
plan to which you can suggest additions or alterations - I
give me any incidents upon characters that you need.
Having my picture before you, whenever so disposed, you
can write either - sentiment or character - take one painter
who falls off, colours & shades off the authorities of another
painter's pictures.
The great charm this plan has for me, is the
union it would produce between us. It would blend our
minds & feelings - and it would give you I think an
interesting subject of occupation for the summer. - do how
I should love to think of you seated at your window in your
chair - read at your writing desk - with my manuscript before
you - as neither my mind before you - examining each sentence -
anything in it - correcting - improving - polishing
my rough sketches. The very thought impresses me - 188
It would not you would embrace the scheme, with the
same pleasure. I should certainly not to work
indeed to tell the truth - I have not to write a letter
not either the first or last - but this will do for any returning day.
This is the way I write - I cannot begin at the beginning of anything
so generally or - but when any incident or character - or concern-
ation, analogous to my general plan occurs - I write it - and
then, after writing another twenty or thirty of these separate
sketches - I take them together - as one would separate beads on
one thread. I seldom like to do the same. They sketch -
move out line of the principal objects, then furnish the sketch
as the framing of the moment suggests - sometimes furnishing sketches
simultaneously for one or several years - and consequently furnishing
the minor objects from time to time - falling up a blending as the
fancy prompts. - Now this latter part of the business would be
left for years - if I am now seated here writing a letter for the
first time for two months - may almost three - have remained
alone at my desk - I have arranged my writing desk - connected
with my own house - the desk in the middle - behind each side - 2 books
of books - jambs of glasswork - about walkways, summer arrangement of
my writing table - chairs, water flowers, flowers - apple trees -
fish - them at present - I am in my chamber - the door shut
on all intruders - a fire in my every chair. The writing trees growing
their branches near the window in a wide profusion of green leaves
& verdant foliage. The yard filled with flowers - the more distant woods
just burning into foliage. The birds singing most delightfully
particularly one mocking bird, who has chosen to nest in a tree
close by, to whose house I am just returning melody, they
perpetuate my very soul - their rhythmic songs - as for family
affairs. The birds take the whole charge - which during our recent
2 but little company - is no heavy task. If every day this
summer could be as tranquil as past, as delightful as mine - I
could have nothing to wish. In the afternoon I may give
to family & me are two at once - myself with our readers - employ
the one, who makes words come entertainingly. But in-
terruptions there must be - 2 returns of letterage - freely &
indefinitely of mind & deadness of imagination - a bodily suffering
& insufficiency of temper - for such is in the lot of human beings. I had
after rambling over our beautiful grounds yesterday, I had
given arranged my writing table with glancing pictures, and letters
of my friend. When Mrs. White's carriage drove to the door - two hours
that his children remained - the ladies many crowded into the city with her.
