to withdraw them from it & to shut them up in absolute retirement
in I own a subject of regret. -- But this regret is unattended with
refining or dis content; experience I turn my mind on the advantages
which attend this exclusion from the world, & reflect on the dangers
& misrepresentations with which that world abounds. -- And such reflections
defectively reconciles me to the act of obedience. -- Instead of thinking
of what we have not, I enumerate the blessings which we have,
& find abundant cause of thankfulness. -- At one all other circumstances
have occasion to think my heavenly Father, for the
health both of mind & body which I now enjoy -- For money,
many years have I not enjoyed such a deeply felt sense of mind
with all circumstances of flow of cheerfulness. -- I am free from
all anxiety, all doubt, & from narrow dependence & invulnerability, from
the goodness & wisdom of God, feels myself with that Peace which
the world cannot give & cannot take away.
I find the occupation afforded by the instruction of the children
this winter a most happy circumstance; it affords an object of the
highest interest & most pleasing employment of my time & during this season
I have so little interruption, that they make considerable progress. I sit
in my own chamber with them all the morning -- The 5 months in his
library, where he seems to enjoy his literary leisure, & the girls in the
parlour, where they read a great deal, as they have at present insufficient
with our means, are more social, & generally read aloud, while
they now I am now reading the Adapting Odyssey & me means to go on
with other epic-poems -- We have declined every vacation
abroad, but have had a good deal of an agreeable company at
home -- This finely passed several days with us last week & one evening
we had quite a ball -- at least a dozen young folks met --
a party I came out -- Lytleton, W. Bridgley, & Mr Hard, even among
the gentlemen -- I had to throw open the folding doors & calling up our
men, who in a good fiddler, they danced very merrily until quite
late -- Julia was quite deafened; the other girls would have professed
their Homer. -- I expected we should have often had such parties
while there was sleighting; but our more fashionable acquaintance
were too constantly engaged in city parties. -- Anna Maria Caldwells
was out that evening & I had to discover if there was one more
than common liking, between her & I -- but I could discern none, I
Imagine our expectations on that point will not be realized -- Dear
Lytleton, he is our most welcome visitor -- we are all rejoiced when
we see his horse galloping up the avenue -- He is so gay, &
so affectionate & kind, that even the children & servants are delighted
to see him -- when I ask him anything about himself, he rattles at such
a rate that one can make nothing of what he says -- he is an
expert to form a colony & go to Ohio or Indiana -- where
one intends he shall soon become a rich farmer, & a great statesman
& come to empress of the ladies. -- Our friend Capt. Rigely is in
the rear of his family. None next summer I doubt the western country
is possessing so many advantages, that he & Caleb Hounds, who live
at Vincennes, have quite turned the girls heads -- what say you, -- will
Mr H. -- head our colony? -- I tell Elizabeth there is a multitude of flowers
& I have seen but little of Cordelia B.
She was to have passed a week with us, but the injurious question
coming on, she could not absent herself
