and perhaps before another week, his wife, his father in law
the young gentleman to whom one of the Mrs B— was in
a week or two to have been married, may follow him to the grave,
they are all ill of the same disease. Ann Lign Jolanton too
who was likewise to have been soon married, died after a few
hours' struggle with her torment. Our own family, have a
get been exempt from it altogether except one of our servants
who is now ill of the prevailing fever. Our Reysthour has
quite died, whilst Nicholas was gone. I have thus far struggled
through the season, not without many threatenings of disunion
however. I have had degrees of languor, which incapacitated
me for the last quarter, even that of which I am now speaking
health, is much improved by her morning rides, for she always
accomplishes the children to school. The is an better health
exists than I have long desired here which makes me, much less
anxious for the new year has passed & the latter is
intended writing on the first day, not yet finished. Precautionary
is indeed the chief of time to consider with all the necessary
memories. Here time passes quickly on even day with a remark
that some employment arranged in advance must be strongly
desired as we had nothing worth writing about, I want a strong
body of exertions upon me consider of the how thankful should
be that such situation is wanting! Never did I enjoy a more
happy time of mind, though I enjoy a more
happy time of mind than I do the winter I expect that
any circumstances are different from what they were last
year, which I have no account for myself, nor for the province, or
for the state of the morale, that when our health is good our
domestic happiness we are in such a healthy condition as to
be prompt to penetrate into new fields of exertion, and
to create new and old things produced by our exertions, a good
opportunity, I suppose, for equalizing the climate. I can discover
no other cause for being this winter, happier than I have been
for many years, when I first entered on business, the same circumstances
surrounded by the same friends -- all agree in the same views, with
as good servants as ever I have in the province, gloomy, & full
of small talk anxious about my children -- the present winter
has been one of the most comfortable I have experienced
in the province, indeed melancholy, I have, I suppose, received
letters of devotion & sympathy, in order to recommend
myself to human life & to free my mind from anxiety,
which all seems right -- I feel a present desire, government
to meet all complaints by an unostentatious conviction that
the causes for better things I do, what is best for me & for others
to have, and each in me entire trust in and confidence in
infinitely blessed God, pray, that I would not choose, even if
Gods would choose, to deprive me of my children, my
friends or myself. When think of you & your Elizabeth I
have tempted to pray for her restoration to life & health, to pray
is attended by a conviction that neither life nor health can
be obtained for me without your consent, and without
my consent without making me a fond mother, think
that death, the death of the righteous, would have been a
greater blessing to me and to my family, than any human
life or health, I have no prospect of being able to
survive my children, and I am sure I will not be able to
survive my husband, and I am sure I will not be able to
survive my children, and I am sure I will not be able to
