I have been thinking so much of you, my dear son, since I wrote 2 talking with
you in imagination, that I almost feel as if you were sitting beside
me. Morris's letter in which she tells me the plan you propose of
making my son an undisputed head of the family, upon the
foundation of my divorce will give you an opportunity to win the Johnsons
towards him by making a union with you & to change into
you both the prospect of the laborer. Why cannot I throw upon John
all the ideas which have occurred to me? I tell you what will
be most best to convey to you. I think I will speak a short
to you as an idea occurs to me. I think it is when a private individual
is offered to send our portraits -- The union this will produce
has a great charm for my heart & fancy -- Truly communique
with my dear sister & friend! -- The part of May -- 5 begin -- 2 now
for the plan which has offered itself to my mind. It is to
continue the history of the Seymour family -- Matthew, Edmund & Theodore
my three & descendants. Instead of Love -- The government sentiment
of the state shall be Federal party. This state be an established
in all its relations by Embody. To do this I will reduce your
representatives to London, Leeds & Liverpool -- 2 Embody shall be his captain
& comfort. Theodore you know is to go to Europe to travel
the world not be Emily; loves before he goes -- but her tender
friend -- 2 her talent born for him shall exist, with not being de-
veloped. -- It shall be during his absence that your Seymour
misfortunes & Emily's trials shall take place. Riding horses
(like Mr. Rothschild) shall be called to Savannah, where he & Laurens
shall both die -- for if they lived -- it could not be imagined
that men so could be confined to the en trances of poverty --
and the death of Laurens is to be one of the misfortunes, which
is to serve to display his character in a situation -- In this
plan -- I can display show the want of resources to which
women are exposed when reduced from affluence to poverty
& suggest some plans for improving them and their society.
The thoughtful enthusiast in your last letter on this subject says
with confidence on 2. I hope you will agree also to more fully state
it. The various sentiments made by persons are known
with respect about once of examples & as far as we ever without
believing confidence, or expecting the affair to terminate forever, we can
do our most incidents & observations from real life. -- After showing
in May Seymour has purchased 300 wagons & 200
horses to the division & division of federal affection
