they board from Monday, until Saturday morning in
July. - Sin De Tapiset is so excellent a woman that
I feel no anxiety. The is attached to me & to
2 their improvement exceeds my expectations.
Dear little creatures! - I was hardly very aware
for me to part with them - but the delightful joy of
lafarding a sunday, almost compensates for the wilful
absence. -
1 have not heard from mana since he began
to feel of footsore. It ought not to be this
after seven years I am pretty by my own account
the yellow trees wave their branches like by me
the words are tinged with various hues. I am here
around the house are verdant, with green grass.
How delightful is the country!
It is not necessary to go into the
details of the American letter - consider the address
1 have never taken a pleasant walk inland
thinkin with regret that you were deprived of similar
pleasure & that at this delightful season your
years of renewed nature were confined to such narrow
limits. At such periods, now do I wish that
I was nearer to you - indeed there is a wide space
between us every day I desire to enjoy an hour
of the Union social or moral life, without danger
for the participation of my beloved sister. And
when my heart is opened to receive the joy of
our old times, do that you thought of me, in think
of your that you are surrounded by no means by
elements in your affection. That I cannot find
you should doubt of them or myself of you may
of you my maternal friend - as I, who have more
sympathy of one in violent emotion than any family
had no idea until I came to an arrangement
that I could do you & no doubt have confidence
of me connection with the city - but after a few
months residence relations, moved away, & always
the mailer, a relation which I find me still belong
to our government without any religious instruction
or faith. Then Providence in your mind confined the
highest motive, which should be daily declaring
Norris Brunsford more than ever engaged with her
little family since her last confinement. I was
lettered note to your wife - if would have been
merely a child would have been a woman have nothing
about the alterations which would ambition & feeling
held out. There are the families not when we
had the most frequent & want intercourse I would
not accept them. Their kind feelings would be my
turn as ever. These old men have so affected me
the affection of another, as I was yesterday with
that of your wife in Sydney - the largest one of the most
beautiful English children I ever beheld. Anna Mathias
above speaking up - the hot, blazing & furious of all
the family - the short means cleverly defended by herself
in daily interest.
