Their genius & character, as well as the reverence
faid to their important office have been sufficient
by illustrated. But we cannot so easily express
or even conceive the enthusiasm of arms dying
which they handed in the breast of their audience. Among a shocked people, a taste for
poetry is rather an amusement of the fancy, than a passion of the soul. And yet
when in calm retirement, we pursue the combats described by Homer & Tasso, we are incessantly
seduced by the fiction & feel a momentary glow of martial ardour. That heroism,
has cold is the sensation which a fine senseful mind can receive from solitary study.
It is as in the hour of battle, or in the fear of victory that the lards celebrated the glory of
Heroes of ancient days, the ancestors of those warlike chieftains, who listened with transport
to their artless, but animated strains. The view of arms & of danger, heightened the effect of
the military song; & the passions which it tended to excite, the desire of fame, the contempt of death, were the habitual sentiments of a German Mind.
Washington October 5. 1801.
One year has now elapsed since I was excited to one of the
best of husbands & of men; one year has elapsed since I have arrived at this our settled home & one year has elapsed
finding me at its close a completely happy woman.
Gracious God! author of my being! director of the events
of my life, accept the grateful feelings which now rise in my heart. In the review of this important
year, let me examine what has been its occupations,
what have been my improvements & what my errors.
When I first arrived, I laid down an excellent plan
for my conduct, but soon found the impracticability
of adhering to it. In this plan every hour of the
day was appropriated to some specific employment,
but when I commenced the my domestic duties,
discovered that all my regularity must depend on
my servants, these were so ignorant & unwise, that
I found it impossible to form them to my wishes. My
systematic & regular mode of living had to be given
up & I have been obliged to accommodate myself
to the various dispositions I have had to deal with
for this year past. I now perceive my errors in my conduct to my servants, & find that in many cases more indiscretion & decision on my part, would have influenced even
the bad materials I had to work on. In the commencement of my family, my thoughts & time became
so entirely occupied that I gave up all mental occupation & such was the influence of habit that reading
now lost its attractions.
