Browning. When we behold man in the little sphere of human life
he is diminutive, and insignificant, his desires, his cares, his
pleasures, eagerly vain & trifling, but when we look into futurity
we see this sphere extending into incomprehensible eternity
immensity & the apparently insignificant duties of this life de-
termining his destiny in the next
surrounded by naked rocks, and barren wilds
now occupies the tide of life
But interred beneath many a solid
stone which it shall escape its dream lands
and mingle in the unbounded ocean of eternity
The blasts of the storm are dispersed,
4 on the roof, the rain pattering no more,
Now the sun from still covering clouds
2 illuminates the landscape again.
But interred beneath many a solid
stone which it shall escape its dream lands
June 18, 99.
Where rests the cold curse of my friend.
I gaze on the landscape so fair,
In boils the soft breezes of eve,
The warblings of nature's hear,
and watch the rich glow of the sky.
But the eye of poor Mary is clouded,
That eye which these scenes used to scan
Under as that ear to the sound
of nature, or friend's sake, or song
From the turmoil, or pleasures of life
However is Mary with drawn
On the breast of a friend the still lies,
to that breast the shall ever remain
Observations on, & reflections upon Philosophy.
From the earliest ages Greece has been distinguished by its pursuit of
learning & wisdom. It has ever afforded a permanent argument to philosophy.
The philosopher were all bound in idle speculation, which excused the
recurring passion & served to display their ingenuity & acuteness, or vague
impatience about the origin of creation. Researches of this kind produced
but little benefit to individuals & none to the community. From this general
remains, Socrates should be excused where were a part conducted from him
to the office of chief magistrates & legislators. His excellent code of laws were
adopted by the Athenians & entitled them to their lasting gratitude.
About the same time with Socrates, two Thales, the founders of the Ionian
school, which were burdened with investigating the nature & origin of things
attending little to their subjects which more immediately concern the
happiness of human life. The merit of correcting this error & introducing
a Philosophical calculation to improve the mind & enlighten the social
relations is entirely to be assigned to Socrates.
This eminent wise, a good man was born in a village near
Athens, about 400 yrs before Christ. His parent were poor & Socrates
his father was a stonemason & left his son little besides his art, & by
he had for some time to gain his subsistence. Into a wealthy
Athenian, remarking the strong propensity to study discovered by this
