only ashamed of the contemptible figure which he
made in so respectable an assembly, took his garland
from his head, covered his naked arm with his cloak, affirmed
a senate I thoughtful aspect & in short received from that
hour to religiously his licentious pleasures & devoted himself
to the pursuit of wisdom. Thus was this young man by the
powerful energy of truth & elegance, in an instant converted
from an infamous libertine to a respectable philosopher,
and afterwards became distinguished for his religious &
strict adherence to virtue.
Enfield
Plato was of illustrious birth, embarked a large fortune, which enabled him
to perfect the excellent education he had received, by travelling. He visited every country
in which learning flourished & returned to Athens with an augmented knowledge. The
freedom of learning was enjoyed from the earliest & simplest philosophy of his forefathers.
He believed himself in abstract reverence. When young, he wrote poetry, but
not engaging Homer, he destroyed this piece but in all his after writings his
religious turn is said to appear. Some time in his youth he allied himself to the
lycophronian system, which with the instructions of Egyptian priests, led him from
the faith, of useful & common knowledge.
He always sought to combine & connect his real opinions, theories & notions
with his public instructions, which was remarked only for a few, this could well
mode of philosophy being as indicated from measures of personal safety & security.
His doctrines of the popular superstitions exposed him to danger, because which
mysteries always excite the admiration of the vulgar. His fundamental
principles were that from nothing nothing could proceed; that there were eternal
inseparable matter & god; the one the creator of the universe, for which all men
sacrificed their material -- gods all his philosophy, whether moral or speculative, she is
so obscure that I understand but little, that he believed in the immortality of the soul, due
to the possessing as well as creating power of god, in content.
Summers, May 23d. 1837.
In hearing the different religions that have appeared among men, it has
given me the purest pleasure to find a great reconciliation in the origin
of principles of all. Among the most enlightened & barbarous nations,
the belief of the goodness of the future existence of the soul have been secured
among some, Kent of a mediating power between god and man, and
if a happy period when peace & virtue shall reign on earth, have
appeared. However various then the names & forms under which
Deity is adored, I hope from these circumstances, that true
religion is not confined to a few order, ideals of the family of god, man,
but that it is spread thro' the whole. A prophet once said
today are left who will speak thus, but the Lord answered I said
there are seven thousand who have never heard their times to hear.
On this has my satisfaction, that all this unknown to men, yet the
servants of all hearts finds among the sons of men, many faithful
servants. Any heart has ever rebelled from that doctrine which limited
the goodness of an infinitely good god to those only who believed as
I did for are all the children, I he has declared, that from the
north & from the south, from the east & from the west, shall his
people be collected together. The heart of man, is the temple of
god. Men cannot cannot enter its secret recesses, to god alone then
is known the purity of the worship there offered him. We then, can
only judge from actions & of we trust to these how many are the
