States, tho' afraid of the immortality of the soul, gave but little instruction to his countrymen: departing from the principle of useful truth pursued by his master, he devoted himself to the elucidation of abstract philosophical points; avoiding a candid declaration of his opinions respecting the particular religion, answering when enquired for on that subject at some risk of death, and unwilling to use of his friends, says, when I speak of God, it is mockery, but when of one God, I speak seriously. These were the men who conceived the purest ideas of deity, but who had not courage to impose them on their countrymen. I know but little, but that little heart enough to admit their characters: they were armed the ignorance around them, as long as stars in a stormy night but justice was their light, as the gleaming of stars is infinitely too faint to dissipate the darkness which envelops mankind. The pride of reason, & the fashion of the day has taught you to despise the religion of Jesus Christ, but laying aside your prejudices of any sort, let us candidly contrast the effects of his religion with those of philosophy, let us take a simple & short historical view of the subject. At the time of his birth, all learning among the Jews, was confined to their temples it was the same among the Christians, among the Germans to a few Philosopher's. Jesus was the son of a carpenter, whose poverty led him to a stable for refuge where his child was born. During thirty years he devoted himself to poverty, and instead of acquiring knowledge laboured for his salvation. About this period of his life he came to Jerusalem on tour that he did not desire to be his head.
Sayer, wealth & learning have ever attracted the notice & gained the homage of men. Such forms sought for neither. His education was to constant meditation and he devoted to the omnipresence of truth, rewarded by learning, wealth & power. He was despised for his mean opinion hated for his independence & anyone of the priesthood and his life constantly sought by those whose was he preferred. Instead of securing the support of the great, he chose his companions from the lowest ranks of society, and made twelve followers the disciples of an unknown leader. These are sensible historical facts, realise them & you will be astonished that a form & ignorant mechanic with twelve of the most degraded of men should rise up to question a system of religion which had prevailed for seven thousand years. The fact is almost incredible, if it is considered however, the present state of the world apart from.
Among Jewishness a worldly interest attached the Jewish priests to their worship, national pride & the desire of ignorance for external forms & ceremonies united the people in support of their temple & its profuse ceremonies. But this temple the work of their hands, the pride of the nation & their whole assembled hostile worshippers, was to be destroyed, for Jesus taught that the temple of his God, was the heart of man. The sheltered natural, the rocky caverns, the streams of blood & the houses of men were to be changed for the tears of humanity the thanksgivings of gratitude & the prayers of meekness. Love to God & love to man was the wide basis on which his constitutions rested, contradictions subsisted by method practice, for he must want doing good to the sons of men.
