most part of this week, was spent in conversation; an exercise, which
has prevailed from experience, magnifico to replace the intellectual
power more than any other. In subjects, were always interesting
2 generally lead to argumentation. From C. S. I received a review
of the human character, which I had never previously looked
at the intimate intimately acquainted with many worthy men, however
know any so well. Chancell, impressed on me, his principles, his
sentiments, his feelings. He talked much, I talked always
of himself. Under the forms which society have imposed, under
the habitual reserve produced generation, the real character
can seldom be discerned. Now these forms & this reserve was
laid aside; & I owe to him larger views of human nature, &
a quicker discernment into the characters of others.
In the July of this month, my friend Mr. Templeton, & soon
after, Mary Smith & her brother. This visit, was to fill my
destiny. The first interview, gave me that place in his heart,
which I trust I shall retain thro' all my future life. With
me it was different. Unpretendingness in his appearance or
manners, & from to disputation, which of all things I most
disliked, I rather overvalued those of fortunate which he
sought to converse with me. He passed a week here, &
every day the unfavourable impression made by first sight
grew less; seven or eight times met instead of retreating from
occasions of conversation. One morning, I was up stairs & I
heard him enter the parlour below, I knew he was alone,
I before I had thought about the matter, I was with him
& he had held of my hand. I felt my face glow. -- This
reliance arose from a perception of his emotion, the cause
of which I had already guessed. While you not write to me
conquer Margaret, asked to. Quite to you, why what could I
properly have to write about. Strengthened it quite in a peculiar manner,
he however was in earnest & gained his end. He left me,
and on bidding the family their hands with all, when he
looked mine, his trembled, & that I suppose was the reason that
mine trembled too -- soon after he went away, for the benefit
of Mary Ann's health, who had just returned from a long fit of
illness, we made an excursion to the falls of Papseac. The vain
& noisy scenes, which presented themselves during this ride, of
farded a vigorous subject for a letter, the indeed Salisbury
wrote without difficulty. On September I attended Prince
ton commencement. In November I went to Philadelphia where
I was received by my brother & sister with the most affectionate welcome.
In C. I saw few persons out of the family & for the first six weeks seldom
visited & received visitors. My sister was engaged most of the morning
with her nursery & other domestic affairs, my brother & his sister
left the house after breakfast & seldom returned until three o'clock
which was our dinner hour; thus in general I was alone the whole
morning. These hours were spent in sewing, writing, reading or drawing.
Our evenings, although uniform & retired were very agreeable. Mrs Smith
had been one of my first visitors, & his visits increased from one week
to two, three & before the conclusion of the winter to one & in
other words every evening. When he was not with us, sister & myself
worked & talked, & of an interesting topic, she would
read to me, while I worked for her. For many weeks I waited for
nothing more, but I soon began to listen with anxiety for the well
known knock at the door, by 4 o'clock, it was not heard, the rest
of the evening, I felt depressed & desolate. I scarcely acknowledged
this influence to myself, but each day the society of this friend
became more necessary to my happiness, & to converse with
him, was the greatest satisfaction I desired. It was after
residing in town 5 or six weeks, that a slight indisposition en
firmed sister to her room for four or five days. Though the day
I attended her, the evenings I stayed alone with Mrs
