Brunswick July 8. 1800
after an absence of six months, I have again returned
to my sisters & friends. Once more seated in this little room
I secluded from society, I endeavored to retain some of the first
scenes of my life. In the year 98, I left Bethleem; I was but
thirteen years of age, but my mind & heart had arrived at
greater maturity than is usual for that age. In some verses
another on leaving Bethleem I had truly said,
"There first my youthful bosom leant to know,
What raised with pride, & taught warmertest to love.
It was in December, that I took up my abode with my
brother Saml. with a quick & ardent affection, with a
lively imagination, a susceptible heart, a candid, artistic
ear & communicative disposition, & with the extravagant
& false views of life, drawn from novels, I was left entirely
to my own guidance. I formed a large acquaintance, among
ignorant & fraudulent young men & women. I sought for adventures
& determined to be a heroine, this led me into a
thousand errors. Somest have a bosom friend & a lover, the
friend I chose was beautiful & admired, she had neither
understanding, imagination or sensibility. Launenty bond of
union, was vanity & the desire of conquest. To this union so
wanted as mine, it was not easy to love, for a lord Bulla
was necessary to attach my heart, at last a little affair
what went could not, & the Viscount Albert D., a
handsome young Frenchman, found his attention were
received. Six months were passed in all the romantic
extravagances, which my situation gave allowance.
get well & communicable as I was, my heart was not destitute of time, affection
& sensibility. About this time I read the tales of the Castle, I succeeded
no book, which excited so much benevolence, & such resolutions
to acquire knowledge & to correct my faults. The tales of Samila
particularly affected me & made me desirous of following
her example. I have since been told by a seamstress, who worked
at my brother's, that used to sit abode mornings by her side,
making clothes for poor children, & gave her money for an
old woman. But the most part of my time was spent in reading
novels. It was June, 98, I returned to Brunswick, after
having agreed to a correspondence with my friend Francis, in
which we were to use fictitious names, for ourselves I all our friends
at P r visited at a family where I met with a young man,
whose appearance was interesting, his face was beautiful, the
linged with melancholy, his disposition reserved, his manners
gentle. A strong imagination, cooperating with a tender heart,
gave birth to sentiment, which occupied every thought every
hour. In all the world I read, his idea accompanied me & I
did little else from morning to night but read novels. Every
attention, which was on the part accidental, was constantly
me into so many proofs of love, & any appearance of grief,
would cost me an abundance of tears. He entered the room
I trembled with emotion, if his name was mentioned, tears & blubber
would betray my feelings. So passed the summer. In September
I went to Berlin on commerce work, induced by the pleasure
of meeting my friend Francis, that delightful did! From me
myself from this meeting, how many pleasing features did
my fancy draw. As I descended from the carriage, I saw her at
a distance. I flew to her with open arms, she did not hasten
her pace, I then we met, offered me her hand, with a formal
courtesy -- The tear rushed into my eyes & indignation rose into
my bosom, I walked silently to the house, & unable to hide
my feelings, retired to a window & wept. The bustle of company,
the speaking, the talk, all were alike indifferent,
