For some time past I have dwelt so often in my own thoughts & desires, my mind was perplexed with doubts, doubts which
while they underminded my faith, doubled my love to God, I darkened my prospects of futurity, from the present moment look to interest, to pleasure,
none indeed, to duties languidly performed; for I felt life itself too insignificant to create desire or emotion; and connected with future existence it is indeed worthless! Truth, conformity, obedience! how instruments
is it, influence to me value in my happiness! "it extinguishes creation of its God". It shudders that soul which one to the contemplation of Duty to
earth. It shudders that delightful tender grace of gratitude which Divine goodness excites, it steals from the heart of man that object which might
to hold it, when & leaving a vacuum which no terrestrial object can satisfy. There is no god who rules the affairs of man, is in glory
destitute. - my God! - kind has my heart for a moment believed them
the never, never let me again lose the firm belief of their government
& existence, never may I withdraw from the control of their mercy, again
to expose my self to the pitiless storms of a torned world, without
that how void & cheerless is creation, the may I ever feel myself
surrounded by the presence & rejoice in confidence & hope because
the Lord reigns.
I have just been conversing with a poor woman, who is oppressed with despair,
fervency & all treatment, who under these accumulated measures finds life a
burthen which religion only enables her to support. She believes in a God,
he is her creator & she believes that her creator is a father to the creatures
he has formed whom he continually cares for & supports. Her own afflictions
she believes inflicted by him for wise purposes she listens to the voice
of scripture, which says "Whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth; what
decreas that "there is a place where the wicked may from troubling,
and where the weary are at rest," the voice of a saviour says
"Let not your heart be troubled, ye believe in God believe also in
me. In my father's house are many mansions, go to prepare a
"place for you." Therefore instead of refusing, she refuses in her
money as the means of preparing her for those mansions where
"happiness" neither eye hath seen, nor ear heard, neither hath it entered
"into the heart of man to conceive." She is surrounded by proud
ignorant beings who would rob her of her holy consolation, who
self at her religion, I mourn at her God. From whom have they
acquired this knowledge, where have they learned that there is no God?
not from their own hearts, not from nature, both loudly speak a God.
They have learned it from you - They have learned that you know
the scriptures from beginning to end, & that you can pray there is no
truth in them. Your knowledge & property ensure their respect
and their respect incurs their relief. Oh sir, how much more
i nobler an use might you make of these advantages!
