with transport light upon this holiday,
As over the house all gay with every new
From friend to friend, with eager haste I came
adding a merry Christmas to their lists.
These years are past — their pleasures & their pains
Are now like ponder current, omitted well.
That breeds the distinct prospect, firmly seen &
But fulfilled upon hinging mystery of life
In faint fair hues & weary traveller now
Is journeying on the distant mountain trail
Of heathen wilds all toward comfortless.
— None of the friends I think
Who now purchase memories, and pour
The glints of polite friendship. At the name
Bills met thy cheek belated! even the line of time!
And in mine I look this eye the tear trembles!
— I will not wish thee not to weep —
There is strange pleasure in affectionate tears,
And he who knows not what it is to watch
And weep at midnight in an entrenchment
Of nature's common words, gives thanks of me
For to him, thereby — Hard travelling far away
I do beguile the long & lonely hours
With many a day-dream, fueling some repair
Of sense & comfort domestic joys
by way to the youthful poet's eye
Creative fancy Jackson's. Think of me
My God! absent from thee in a land
Of strangers! And remember when thine heart
Never with the night forebore, what delighted
await that moment when the eager voice
Of welcome shall that sorrow overpass.
The evening trains which Southern cycle at Nashville, indicate a part of Tennessee
along which not to be misled by the illusion of glory & fame & in a few lines
strongly makes the superiority of virtue to wealth & power
States here was one a greater name
The lot of glory boasts not; but I want,
and danger never from his course faltered
the daring soldier. Many a fight he won,
the 1st cavalry? Thousands, he subdued a rich
and ample realm; such were Pizarro's deeds
and wealth & fame & power were his rewards
among mankind. There is another world
the reader! If you earn your daily bread
by daily labour, if your lot be too
to hard & watchful, yet, thank the gracious God
Who made you, that you are not such as he.
