system, but I did not dare to own this even to myself.
I continued eagerly to read every book that restored my
faith, but the books written for this very purpose were
those which increased my antipathy. I felt criminel &
unhappy; I prayed with more fervour than ever, with
streaming eyes & an agonized heart, hoping forgiveness
for my involuntary error. How many tears have I in
secret shed over this selfish offence, with what fervour
repeated with the poet
"Oh pity great father of light then Son of
A creature who feigns would not wander from thee,
So humbled in dust, I relinquish my pride
From doubt & from error then only canst free."
A creature who feigns would not wander from thee,
So humbled in dust, I relinquished my pride
From doubt & from error then only canst free.
But doubts continued to increase. As I grew older I
went more into society & took a larger share in conversa-
tion, these speeches were almost as universal as free thinking,
& the surprise with which I first heard the doctrine of the
Christian system denied was soon destroyed by familiarity.
Then I found so many intelligent & virtuous people to be
disbelievers, I felt less honor at my own doubts, but
still warmly attached to the religion in which I had been
educated, all my eloquence & real were exerted to convert
my unbelieving friends. For several years such was
my situation, my scepticism increasingly with my acquisition
of the knowledge of men & books, but my attachment
& respect to the doctrines of Christ was undiminished, my
attendance on public worship & the performance of every
religious duty regular & constant, & my ardent study of
the gospel & religious books the same.
My love for Christ afterwards my manage with an unbeliever
excluded all the warmth of affection on the side of my struggling
reason. How could I believe in a system which I believed in
would condemn to eternal misery, that being whom I so tenderly
& devotedly loved? How could I believe that a man notoriously
of the strictest integrity, a most temperate & virtuous habit,
but a man whose morality was pure & sublime as that
taught by Christ, & who rigidly practiced all the precepts
of this morality, whose disposition was noble & generous
& whose actions were uniformly just & benevolent, how could I
believe that such a man, would be condemned to eternal
misery? I could not. Reason as well as affection absolutely
rejected such a faith, & had I retained this belief I might
feel, but never could I love or adore my creator.
It is now more than a year, that I have daily heard
the Christian religion spoken of as a fable, but as one
that has ever proved beneficial to the happiness of society, one
from its first promulgation, it has most produced continual
warfare & persecution, has impeded the progress of knowledge
by shackling human reason & has produced none by oppressing
the laws of nature. These points have been supported by
men of talent & virtue, history & observation has been brought
to prove them, & so ably have some of them been proved
that my reason could no longer with hold its aspect.
Oh! how happily at moments have I felt when
surprised by no doubts & tormented by no fears, my mind has
abandon of trust appeared the bolder of superstition & prejudice,
