I approached this stream which ran at the foot of the hill
in this hide stood the ruins of a large furnace, the walls, a
large arched cellar alone remained; the walls were almost
crowned with bricks, which hung in festoons on its side, no
tree or bush of any sort which grew on the top. A quiet
bay of iron ore was scattered round. I climbed the hill, down
which the torrent rushed; the rocks & trees often broke its
course & formed one of the most picturesque objects I
had ever beheld. This was ever afterwards a favourite resort,
& the stories they told me of the Indians who had there fought
& who were there burned, of an infant which was there
murdered, far from affrighting me, added to its solemnity.
I often did not return from my evening excursion, till 9 o'clock
& once or twice it had not until 10 at night. I am persuaded
that perfect solitude is necessary, in order to the perfect enjoyment
of the scenes of nature; however ungeneral the taste
of a companion may be, the presence of any one disturbs the
attention. I have never since been in such solitude & therefore
have never since experienced similar sensations. I must regret
this, for they yielded the most excellent 2 hours pleasure I have
ever tasted. The objects, from which this pleasure was derived
were not changeable, nor confined; the imagination was un
measuredly employed. I was visited by the family of Mrs Romer
& on my visit to them, found in the family an improvement
of mind & manners than I elsewhere met. Mrs Romer was
a gentleman, who in early life had lived in the world,
& laid up a store of observations, which constituted the most of
his knowledge.
Mrs Romer had received a polite education, had a lively imagination but
little judgement & was one of the most singular characters I ever met
with. She had gathered a good deal of superficial knowledge
from doubtful reading, but she had system & order in nothing, & instead
of practical usefulness feeling & fancy were the guides of her conduct. She
attached herself to me, & threw me to many hardships, that I could
not fail leaving her to a certain degree. Her daughter was nearly my
own age, but her education was so neglected, that Salway's felt
towards as child & was while I stayed at the house almost reckless
of her mother's companions. In their large library I found an incom
patible fund of amusement. Mrs Cleveland, who was a member of this
family, he was a man about 40, had spent most of his life
in the West Indies, where by continual disfranchisement he had run third
his fortune & now found an asylum in this family. His knowledge
was very general & of that species, which rendered him rather
an agreeable than useful companion. At different periods I
lived altogether more than three months with this family, &
when I was at my brother's, the C. frequently visited me. Our
amusements consisted of riding in horseback, walking, reading & drinking
an evening. Mrs Cleveland played on the guitar & sung to it with more
feeling than excellence, & thus Mrs Romer preferred to employ on the piano
always for a day or two after leaving the family. She had fallen the sole
of my brother's fortune, but the resources that within myself soon
found away from dissentent. The only neighbour, from whose society
I demanded the least pleasure, was Mrs Emmetts, a woman who had known
better days; whose youth had been spent in the best company. It all
more could afford, but who by an early & impudent marriage
& involved herself in all the miseries of poverty & neglect. Her husband
spent his time & his money in various kinds of gaming. The land
in a very small cottage, situated on a beautiful stream & almost
in a lofty wood which surrounded it. She had a few books
which formed the ornament of her mantle-piece, & the two little
rooms (which were all the house contained) were always most comfortable.
