August 2d. To-day, yesterday have I felt a warmer sensation of gratitude, than
I did this morning when awakened by rain & thunder. I sincerely thanked
that Providence, who rules over the elements, 8 a pm, when the earths
2 well being of men are dependent. During the last month we
have had no rain, one gust excepted, the country was parched 2
the hopes of the husbandman failing still around me I heard the
drive for rain, these devils have been heard, 2 fertilizing torrents
have revived the earth, every one seemed to have fixed their
hopes on the moon changing. Neither this planet has, who
not an influence of this kind, cannot not be determined in
this instance. The event seemed to indicate such an influence.
Yesterday the moon entered her first quarter 2 in the night
the rain began.
August 6th. Industry is certainly as much the friend of usefulness
as of virtue, it prevents that weakness which is so productive of
anguish 8 discontent 8 which makes time a burden, which of tenure
we criminally get rid of. Since I have taken the charge of Mary,
who every day becomes more interested, that latitude which enfeebled
me has fled 2 in its stead I feel the keenest desire of advancing
Marys improvement. The irritability 2 feverousness of temper which
at first appeared at present severely over occasions me a moment
trouble 2 which days have helped in which she has only merited
commendation.
The quiet perception she discerned in all her letters was such as induced me
to teach her grammar 8 geography. She is highly delighted with these
lessons. I give her no book to learn from, as I know from experience
how many words one thereby acquired without any knowledge of their
meaning. An idea is an image impressed on the mind, new the only ideas
I received from my lessons when a child were the image or external
appearance of the word but accompanied with its sense to avoid
this I put my questions in familiar language 2 let her answer me
in her own words. By this method too, I can ascertain how far she
comprehends me. I seldom tell her anything more than once after
words impressing it on her memory by making her tell me, so
that in reality I do little more than ask questions. Her lessons
in reading, spelling, grammar, geography, writing 2 arithmetic takes
her almost the whole morning; but she considers them only as
satisfying amusement 2 never will allow me to omit any. Her lessons
read to herself, 2 amuses herself with her state when connected
with her, thus her most playful hours are full of improvement
2 utility. While I write the generally goes without ever interrupting
by speaking. Her temper changes as much of my attention as her mind
2 I try in conversation, to correct its faults. This employment
is a productive of good to me as to Mary. Those hours I need
2 lingers away in melancholy thoughts are now totally engrossed
by her. And this industry during the first of the day generally gives
activity to the remainder. I no longer find time for those
gloomy reveries, or apprehensions, for however inclined to moulged
