has she satisfied my esteem, she was not one of those who excites tenderness.
Her mind was strong, but not quiet in its perceptions, & but little impatient.
It was of that order which required a long time to bring to maturity.
Her disposition was rather reserved & dignified. Her friendships were few
but sincere. I was of the number of those she treated with confidence.
There are few things I would not gladly have performed to advance
her happiness. She has left the sphere where such exertion could
be made. She is above the feeble efforts of earthly friendship. Her destiny
is fixed. I trust her happiness is now immutable. Our distinctions
were so deficient, that her little sympathizing & love-courses mingled on
our intercourse, & the I regret her loss, it has occasioned none of those
tedious regrets, nor painful irritations which disturb the mind, useful
it for its usual occupations. Time are again resumed. Many has
past furnished her lessons to my perfect satisfaction & a new instruction
of ample instruction, as I endeavour to make her sensible she should
behave towards Hannah, as I do towards her, her own constant reinforcement
will induce her to be kind, as I shall always make her feel the same
treatment she deserves to her little family.
This day evening, how little I & wearisome has been this day, I have been a
fanatic where I have expressed it away. When the recent fate of a friend
has warned me of life's uncertainty, how can I hope my time thus unmar
ried? But I am miserable, lethargic -- yet the miserable time is not
to be ended in flight. yesterday the company of Maryanne was sufficient
for me. He was in a most sweet disposition, I spent the whole
day with her needle.
Towards evening I gave her a state on which she amused herself, & continued
to make her amusement instructive by teaching her the first principles of
arithmetick. How much many asked if I did the times come to this morning?
There were 4 girls, & each got was three pennies. Now can I find that out aunt
with you would tell me, heighingly my dear, make 4 strokes, under each
shoulder put three dots, now count the dots, which are nine, & you will know
twelve times, thats a shilling aunt, once like the Jellied kid: now I'll see how
much eacherner will come to, & current too, & strawberries too. Thus while
she amused herself she learnt addition. How many of I want to take one
get away two months would remain, she rattled out one stroke 20000
she acquainted. And how much in three times three? I cant tell aunt.
put 3 dots there, 3 further off, 3 a little further, there now are 3 times
count 3 tell me how many that makes? The succeeded, & asked for
one sum after another until I went down stairs.
Saturday. This the morning I was engaged with domestic affairs, which have
rendered my attending to Mary about two o'clock her came to my room where
we sat down to our work I endeavored by my conversation to amuse
& instruct her, I repeated Goldsmiths Hymn, which I after first hearing
the story, she comprehended very easily, & he is very fond of words. The next
one of the little books for my entertainment & then awhile I drank amends
herself with her obligipt. The most pleasingly engaged my attention, which
I endeavored to abstract from my own concerns. I was harrassed by the
most painful apprehensions. The long scheme of my friend's earnest prophetic
of evils, but the indulgence of anxiety, could not avail that evil, the act
was an evil in itself; by constant employment I preserved the tranquility
of my mind. In the evening after Jane, Mary Smith & Mrs. L. enquired
on the happiness & misery of their life. Many alone asserted, that happiness
was the most prevalent line all thought that happiness was the most
abundant lot of men.
