many, & many an hour have I spent with the unfortunate woman, who
now recollected with peculiar satisfaction. The spring, summer &
autumn passed cheerfully & rudely away; surely was no longer necessary
to my happiness, for I had employment & pleasure in this retirement.
In the beginning of December, I went to Scotland, I heard
with a distant relation, a man of plain manners, but of
sinew plenty & of the tenderest hospitality. The family of a
near neighbour, were my first visitors, it consisted of a young brother
& a younger single sister & a brother; they were all very agreeable
& agreeable I omitted few days without some mark of kindness.
The brother was my daily visitor & constant attendant on
all my walks. Mrs Sommerville had written to me to her sister in her
Parlode; who the day she received the letter, called on me,
2 asked me to her house where I was introduced to her
daughter & son, young persons nearly my own age & remarkable
for their frank & affectionate manners. Edward was distinguished
by something more. I you learned at first from his intelligent
& herculean countenance, what was afterwards confirmed
by his conversation, that he possessed a good understanding
& heart. He first formed an acquaintance, which has
since been refined into a tender friendship. The little Indian
Marken, was sent by her mother to ask me to dine with her.
What a lively countenance exclaimed? when she left the room,
I am certain I shall love that little girl! In my frequent
visits to Mrs Martins, I always inquired for my little parents,
who soon became much attached to me, & who, for order to
see me often, used to bring me to baths but me by Bons In
the three weeks I have passed, I had an opportunity seeing
a variety of characters, it was not an inattentive observer. The
blair, but worthy family, with whom I lived, displayed all
the virtues of the true Christian. The Scott family,
She held a posture the most pleasing. Many society could exhibit. A happy
wife, 2 a mother surrounded by affectionate & well educated children,
who looked up to her with mingled affection & respect; children united
to each other by kindness & love. Their comfortable harbour, their
cheerful hearth, 2 the happy circle that surrounded it, is still fresh
in my memory. That room is now vacant, that first new brother,
that affectionate family now separated, 2 the loss of a beloved
friend, 2 her husband attended with a loss of property. Still, the fond mother
can direct her eye to a worthy & affectionate son, who will
be her support & the protector of her fatherless children.
As long as the Donaldson family, were disposed in their
cirumstances, but left upon a decent appearance & seemed
at least to enjoy content. Our Martins family, exhibited a
very different scene. All the extravagance & gaiety of fashionable
life, were displayed, but could not hide the domestic unhappiness,
which here reigned. Mrs Martin, a lovely woman, with
fascinating manners, but destitute of principle or dignity,
accompanied her to public places, & joined in the large
companies which met at her house; but was never as well
pleased, as when with my other acquaintance. Left alone
with regret & after spending a week in Ohio returned to
Brunswick, where I passed a winter, of which I retain not a single
recollection. Spring returned, & with it more mental industry on
my part. Many acquaintances which at the time, were
interesting & in a certain degree involved my hostilities, have
been long broken off by separation. Since the winter I had always
sat in the parlour with the family, but as soon as the weather
permitte, I spent many hours every day in my own room
reading or writing. As I had no correspondents, I
bought me memorandums of the days that passed, & have
severally a recollection of the incidents that occurred at the
Scotts.
