The loss of his wife, of a lovely daughter, & the derangement of his own
mind completed the catalogue of his domestic misfortunes. He became
moribund, & feeble; the energies of the mind were exhausted, &
life to him, became a wearying & cheerless, painful journey.
The care of his friends & physicians restored him in a perfect degree,
to his former enjoyment, & the choice which he made, of emigration
in a second marriage, afforded a companion, whose understanding
& improvement, enabled her to participate in his literary
labours, whose amiable disposition, cheered the path of life, &
whose tender affection, supported & supported him under all its
troubles. Still he was often misled by gloom & discontent. The health
forbade invincibility of mind, & each was the more anxious to which he
was reduced, that he was constantly harried with the fear of poverty
& disgrace. If at intervals his reason was undermined, it returned
light, derived only to declare to him his approaching dissolution.
Of all the miseries incident to human life, surely the loss of reason
must be the greatest. How humbling is it to the finder of man, to
behold a strong & injurious mind, thus laid in mind! Of the
physicians, which distinguished the lot of Lemmerman, failed in
making him happy, what is there left for us to hope? I never
read of the weak-witted & errors, of men distinguished for their talents
& virtue, without a degree of despondancy. If such men, I assert,
possessed of extensive knowledge & strength of mind, cannot gain
an independence of the little casualties of life, & preserve the resources
& security of mind amidst its little selfishities, what can avail
my feeble efforts? If such men have suffered, who can be free from
suffering? Whatever superiority of intellect, one man may have over
his fellow creatures, the his social wants, his bodily infirmities,
or the caprices of his temper, generally bring him on a level with
the rest of mankind. Lemmerman was born in 1729 at Kings
town in the canton of Bern, & died in 1795.
Sunday May 20
Now old & healthy, has been my disposition this day, no aspirations of
the soul towards heaven, no concentration of the thoughts, on the event
we commemorated, no regret for the events of the past, no resolutions
for the future. My mind has been wandering & heart told.
Sons & paternal aids, are necessary to fill the mind on an insensible object.
Yet such is the insufficiency of man, that heart & sentimentally seem render
from earth. The sentiment of the body suffers, was intended to preserve
the memory of our favourite. But after the strongest incidents of imagination,
I can but faintly realise the feelings of this divine tender &
of his child at this interesting moment. Yet in order to its mighty
celebration, I ought to have some portion of this love for his person, this
reverence for his character, this grief for his suffering & this anguish
at his self-abasement. But, having from my earliest infancy heard
the narrative, almost daily repeated, hearing so frequently even
the ordinance administered, it no longer excites these emotions of
love, & grief, which should arise, when we think of the loss of one
we loved & admired. Man is so much influenced by external
& present circumstances that he is but little affected by the past in
the future. The heart rending anguish produced by the loss of a beloved
friend, is even obliterated by time. Memory does not long retain
death & sorrow impressions. The ruggedness of the rock in warm weather
by the continued rolling of the waves, and the distress & distress
impressions in the memory are eradicated by the succession of years.
