that he matter of succession, at the end of one year, that at end to his life
and be ruled by his doctrines with his blood -- The men with whom he died
perpetuate his name to power and greatness & to be rewarded for their sufferings by
being the favorites of a great monarch. What then must must have
been their desolated rent, when instead of raising them to wealth &
glory by granting them power & conquest, their leader suffered an ignominious
death, leaving them only the contempt & hatred of the world.
Now one would conclude, they would forsake their doctrines which were only
productive of suffering & contumely -- Let us follow these poor men to
the room where they collected after his death, full of fear & trembling
they fastened the doors, to secure themselves from popular judgment
from their light hopes the shaming and curse of society!
Let these miserable & ignorant men, and they who are to enlighten
the world to crush the altars of superstition, to humble our Kings
Does that only offer an event parallel with this?
Kindly imagined by their fate, unmitigated by the fate of their master
amidst every kind of affliction they approach the Tochterm of Death, and
in the course of one year, their convent in funeral anniversaries
many thousands. How great must have been the eloquence which
gained so many to a cause, which offered only the reward of another
life, but found opposed its adherents to persecution, contempt, death &
hatred! --
But a few years had elapsed before their religion extended through Spain & Arabia,
and in the course of thirty years it spread through lesser Africa through
the islands of the Iberian sea, along the northern coast of Africa, to France & Italy,
in all which countries numbers formed the established religions for that of Jesus
Christ. At this period Saracens an instrument where you will respect, boasts of
the Christians at Rome as of a vast multitude, you must have met with
a letter of the King which is still quoted in which he speaks of this
sect as very numerous in Upper Spain (some province of which he governed) &
complains that the temples are almost forsaken & people of all ranks and
ages becoming converts this was about 80 yrs after Christ's Death, a Christian
writer about 100 years after King, says there is not a nation either French
or Saracen even more who wander in tribes or live in tents among whom
the name of Jesus is not found. Three hundred years after Christ, a
Roman Emperor assumes the name of Christian & extends the religion
through his whole empire. Philosophers during several thousand years
could not close a single temple, or crush a single altar, Athel refuted
by kings & supported by their power, the religion of Christ persecuted by power
fully & disfranchised by the learned in a few hundred years gained an
universal empire, among barbarous nations in civilized nations. Chopping
the most useless of useful trees into the woodchuck of one God, infinite in power
kindling a fire, freeing the minds of men from the most depraving
stravag, leading them to the practice of virtue, by the satisfaction of our
natures & dissipating the partisans of the prince by the light of immortality.
