I am told that you are a man of benevolence, that you feel
the hungry, & that you clothe the poor, with a heart thus
benevolent, must from the multitude their only support, from the
ignorant & mean the best guard of virtue? Even to children
you say there is no god. What good effects do you expect will arise
from such instruction? What evil effects from that faith you condemn
A faith, which teaches man that God is an ever present authority,
by whom every action is seen, that he rewards every virtue but
punishes every wicked action? It shades its cheering light amidst
the darkest shades of adversity, & beyond a life of suffering gives
a prospect of eternal rest. The acts of men may induce some to
believe all this false, but to what absurdity has not this species
of sophistry led. The annals of history are frequently filled with
such accounts. There have been men who believed even that they
were surrounded by ideas only; that even their own existence
was ideal. Such accounts have led me to believe that the
human mind may receive the most impossible convictions, when
induced by the pride of hypothesis, or the warmth of imagination.
There is however a kind of instinct in man I know not what
it is, but it has some union with the affections, innate calls
it common sense, but whatever name you give it, in man this
principle does exist, which contradicts these rules of reason & destroys
these convictions which rest on the non-existence of God.
It thus appeals when I speak to you, your knowledge of both
& men, must be far more extensive than mine, of such knowledge
I am ignorant, but I have a heart which makes me well to
my fellow creatures, you too have a heart which debates kindness to them
I imagine then this address, for the motive from which it proceeds, inspire
me when I remind you, that you do not all the good you can. You have
property enough to relieve many, but have one other comfort border
clothes & foolish means the comforts of religion; there we may endeavour
to give to all. A god in the true sense surely to virtue, as far then as
but in our power ought not we to instruct those around us
in those principles which will procure from me & least them
to honesty & virtue? And is there for giving aid to peculiar
decrees, or there any instruction better calculated to effect this
purpose, than the remonstrance of the hostile? Use then that influence
which property, knowledge & situation have given you use
for this noble purpose & you will be amply rewarded
by the good effects produced. What heart full satisfaction must
he experience who in seeing an industrious citizen knows
that it was himself who snatched him from ignorance, vice
& poverty, I gave him those means by which he has attained
comfort & respect. But what are the fruits you will reap
from the principles you dispossess? The poor who believe
in no god, who will notice their actions, in no future existence
in which their actions will be punished & rewarded, have
no motive to restrain them from the commission of crimes
which while they conceal from men, deliver them from
restraint. See then if every species may be expected from injustice &
misery its own attendant. If you have common
philanthropy, what pain must such reflections inflict.
For the name then of benevolence teach to your
fellow creatures those principles which may produce
honesty & happiness, but which never can produce vice or misery.
