which inspired not only deep sorrow, but true sweet sensations
produced by domestic comfort. Our tea-table was set by the
fire side, after we had finished, we read another sermon,
2 or 3 selected passages from the Scriptures. I cannot
help asking myself, what made these evenings so perfectly
agreeable? Is the Scannon a foreign the means? I love to think
of New-York. The beginning of November, the family returned
to New-York. But a few weeks elapsed before I followed them.
I look up my abode in the house of Dr. Hodgson. The professor,
his manners, all tended to inspire respect, but from the kindness with
which he always treated me, it was soon mingled with affection.
The first weeks after my arrival, were solemnized by the illness
& death of my sister-in-law; but the natural severity of my char-
acter soon was not to long distinguished & every gloomy image was
soon banished by those of gaiety. I had long been desirous of
gaining some instruction in drawing. I obtained an excellent teacher,
who at the same time was an agreeable companion. Those days
in the week, I attended his school & the intervening days he
spedid generally three hours with me. What happy hours were
thus employed with my friend! This art became my business.
My amusement, I engaged the greatest part of every day. At
this moment, recollection gives me back the emotions &
delight which were excited by drawing. How many
stones have I made my way to school, I have many dark
wintry days have been most sweetly occupied by this art.
Happy period of youth, when novelty can ever charm, &
when the taste, uncontaminated by false or artificial pleasures
finds in every passing truffle, ever varying amusement.
The most perfect order & system ingirded in the family, I found
no difficulty in conforming myself to the established rules.
always after breakfast I passed one or two hours in my own room, where
shaking the door in all worldly intrusion, I would let my soul to its
creation. Iniquitously read a portion of the scriptures, besides some religious
work. At the persuasion of a friend, I read Dr. Witherspoon's "Essay on the
Stage". Every frame of constitution & opinion was in question to this author,
but I determined as far as I was able to read it impartially & to
keep my mind open to conviction. On closing the volume, I relinquished
all my arguments in favor of theatrical performances, convinced of
their evil tendency, & of the imprpropriety of a Christian's attendance
at such places. With this conviction, I read & I drew, & addressing
myself to that God who can read the heart, solemnly I forever renounced
what I believed a criminal pleasure. In this retirement
I spent young's night thoughts, yielding myself up to their power,
and almost realizing the scenes, he so powerfully described.
When I returned to the parlour, I every morning wrote, a journal
of the preceding day, then would draw & read until dawn. The
drawings were most generally praised at home. In Templeton, C. Bradley,
Mr. Blackwood Rowe, were always one of the other with me. In their
conversation, I found my pretentious enjoyment, my fondness for Mr.
& A. S. made a rapid progress, for the more they were known,
the more were they esteemed. I was always well supplied with
books by my friends, & they were uniformly of the religious natural
cast. Two evenings in the week, besides Sunday, I always attended
a religious society. I cannot say, that I gained information, in contemplation,
but it kept alive the spirit of devotion. I preserved my
affections from wandering to any other object. I never necessarily
any period of my life, in which I devoted more than one national & universal
satisfaction from religion. I believed all I heard & never
thought of enquiring if there was a creature of error with truth.
I did not, it is true, believe in the Trinity, but I believed that
the nature of Christ, was above all other created beings, limited
in his death, as the means of my salvation. But in truth, I thought
little of fruits of faith. I prayed devoutly to that God, whom I loved
as a father & adored as the Governor of the universe. I read the Gospel
