and particularly endeavoured to impress on her mind the presence of God
in his ultimate agreement with our thoughts as well as actions. She
behaved well at church; on our return we retired to our room, where
to amuse her I read the history of Jesus which I explained, so that she
not only understood it, but felt the most lively interest in the narrative.
To give the philosopher to children is easy on lessons, a without knowing
gives them a disgust to that volume, which they should have
with pleasure, besides it fills their memory with words without
ideas, a habit which is not lost on matured years. Many on the
contrary, has been taught to look on the Bible, as a book above her
comprehension, but which of her in diligent on her studies, she shall one
day have the satisfaction of reading. In order to make her use this
intellectual privilege, we read her select passages which are calculated
to instruct her from their simplicity & to interest by their subject.
The only principle of religion she has been taught, is the certainty
of a being, who not only created but the world, but all its inhabitants
& who preserves & governs all the race made. This being she has been
used to call her heavenly father, a character the nearest and most
convenient, & can comprehend, & one that inspires the heart with love
and confidence. Her belief in her providence has already been pure & confident to her,
as there is no occasion in life, or in the natural world, with
which she is acquainted, which she does not associate to him.
Not long ago, one of the most violent thunder gusts I ever saw, came
on about 6 in the evening, she was alone & sleeping, but the
violence of the thunder awake & terrified her. I went in, told her
in my arms. We are you frightened Mary, it is a storming shower
I listen to most beautifully; but you cannot see it with a candle
in this room, I will put it out & we can then see it better.
I accoust myself put out the light, sealed myself by a window, where
we could distinctly see every flash. The thunder went in loud & quick peals
over our heads. If the most vigorous faithfulness was only interrupted by the most
lightening. While at the Thunder I sent one, said Mary, she my child not unlike
your Heavenly father permits it. It has been very warm these several days,
& the earth very dry, how, our good God, who cares for all his creatures,
gives this rain to make the grass, fruit to grow, that man & beast my
food, he sends this thunder to regulate the cool the air, which this
one might make as sick, you see my dear that instead of being
frightened you ought to be thankful. But aunt, has not thanks ever
been people? Yes, but as has since you heard of a little girl whose
clothes caught fire & burnt her up, but that is no reason that we
should have no fire in winter, or that you should not warm yourself
when cold. You remember too, not a week ago, Selina's brother swallowed
a bone while eating, which stuck in his throat & killed him, but that
is no reason you should never eat. When food changes you should die,
a drink of water, or a few might end your life, but if you don't use
it, neither fire or water, or thunder can thus perfectly tranquilised her
& she gave me watch every flush with pleasure, frequently certain
— why what a beautiful one was that!
Thursday June 28.
Since last Monday I have been prevented from attending to Mary. On the
morning of that day I heard of the illness of Mary's troops. In
the evening I went there, but she had expired since her interment, to her family,
have occupied my time.
In the middle of the engaging perfect health, I surrounded
with domestic comfort, the news realized the uncertainty of
her life, or anticipated the change that has now taken place.
I have ever been an example of intimacy & confidence, but
