During the interval between the accusation of the trial he spent his time in
philosophical conversations with his friends, choosing to converse on any
subject rather than his own situation. One of his friends expressed at
the circumstances inquired into, he did not consider his time in prevaricating
as defence, because, replied Sorates, I have never in my life done anything
against the day of trial came his answers appeared in senate & attempted to support their charge in terms distinct
from that of Sorates, who was then against man & a zealous follower of Sorates.
From one act to another the charges in defence of his master, but he was abruptly ordered by the court to set down. Sorates however used
no arguments.ounding the chair with all the severity of sentence
innocence & with all the dignity of supreme merit, he delivered in a
form & manner tone, an unforgeme t tal defense, which solemnly
his opponents thought to have convinced his judges, that they alone
prejudice would not suffer them to pay due attention to the arguments
to examine with impartiality the merits of the cause, immediately
accused declared him guilty of the crimes of which he was accused,
and he was condemned to be put to death by the poison of hemlock
Sorates received his sentence with perfect composure, & turning to
his friends he expressed his entire satisfaction in the recollection of his
past life & declared his firm belief that fortune would do him the
only to believe that he had never injured or corrupted anyone but
had spent his life in serving his fellow citizens by communicating to
them without reward the secrets of wisdom, thus conveying to
entire his honor with a severe countenance & lofty mind, amidst the
lamentations of his friends.
The execution was effected thirty days, on account of the vessel which carried
the annual offering to Felix being on its voyage during which it was against
the Athenian laws to put any one to Death. This long & painful interval however
only served for a further display of his fortitude. When his friends were with
him he conversed with his most cheerfulness on their return he appeared
himself with writers whose he confounded a hypocrite in honor of Philip &
Phanias described a table of death. His friends still anxious for to save
or valuable a life, urged him to escape, but Sorates rejected the proposal
as a criminal violation of the law. The day at last arrived & early in the
morning the officers delivered the final order for execution. The friends
who came there early to the morning that they might have
an opportunity of conversing with their master through the day found
his wife sitting by him with a child in her arms. As soon as Constantinopole
saw them, she turned into tears & said to Sorates this is the last time
your friends will ever speak to you, or you to them. Sorates that
the tranquility of his last moments might not be disturbed by her un
avoidable lamentations expressed that she might be omitted home.
An interesting conversation then passed between Sorates & his friends
which shortly turned on the necessity of the soul. In the course of
this conversation he expressed his deep satisfaction of the practice of suicide
& assured his friends that his chief support was an expectation to
not unmoved with doubts of an immediate existence after Death.
Brito asked him in what manner he wished to be buried, Sorates
replied with a smile as you please provided I do not escape out
of your hands, then turning to the rest of his friends as it not strange
did he after all I have said to convince you that I was going to
the courts of the judges, that Brito still thinks this body which will
soon be a lifetime torture to be Sorates.
