The weeks the outskirt land of time shall feel,
and Queen's self in years shall slide away,
Clarity or even state stamp the fact,
has given the promise of immortal day.
Washington October 6, 1800.
One week has this day closed, since I was united to my excellent
husband. Each day of this week, has been marked by events & new enjoy
ment. The animalist & glowing tenderness of love, the kindness of affection,
the mutual notes of friendship, the attentions of general acquaintance, have
all combined, to give value to the passing hours. To be the object,
on which trepidation & love have lavished all their cares, is to be
happy. Happily indeed have I been, not the slightest, not the most
transient cloud, has darkened the sunshine of my felicity. I left
ear & valued friends, & not without regret, & I had with me a
friend, who could compensate for the loss of every human relation.
I came to a land of strangers, where I met no familiar face, no
well known character & where I was equally unknown. But a single
day did not pass, before I gained the gratitude of my hosts, before
I became the object of her kind care & sympathy, this woman,
has a respectable mind, & has gone through so many changes
& trials in her life time, that she has gained much useful wisdom
from experience, which she seems willing to impart to me. Her
manners are kind, affectionate & confidential, & she treats
me as a relative & friend, & not as a stranger. In fact I feel under
her roof, as if I were at home. Yet from good will, was the request
of my first day's residence here, but this day, had not come
before I found a most equal agreeable acquaintance. The familiarity
of Mrs Gilbert, consists of the acquaintances of a son, they are amiable
& well informed people & their manners immediately discover
that they have been used to the best company. From the first
hour of my introduction to them, all reserve was banished, conversation
various general & extensive. They treated me with the most
ingenious kindness, & regret their company, which I was unwilling
to introduce. When I left the parlour they accompanied me to my
own apartment, I had been a daughter, two Gilberts could not have
treated me with more tenderness of manners, nor the young ladies with
more society affection. The reflected regards leaving me, I must
somewhat lamented the departure of those whose kind treatment with
such kindness, when I begged she would not forget me, she promised to
hold me in remembrance, if ever she came within a day's journey
of this place, that she would come that my journey to visit me
from our own family would not be in vain. I have not forgotten the
following representation of the sentiments of the family of
Washington, to which I am indebted for the above information.
