where she so tenderly loved, was now my only comfort and
consolation. She was constantly in my arms, but
the anxiety I felt deprived me of half my pleasure,
for about this time her nurse took the needles
& I had to nurse her. A few months however exhausted
my anxiety by showing me that you from suffering, she
was better after being weaned. She was seldom out
of my sight, I made her models & fed her myself.
However the weather permitted I walked out with
her. Mr Smith seldom ventured to be with me, as
I lived in almost perfect solitude, except May, when
Sir Isaac Smith came to visit me. Her charitable disposition,
& personal cheerfulness, changed the scene & enlivened
our domestic circle. On her account I received & went
into more company. I found no more agreeable
as at the Presidents. Mr Jefferson, charming conversa-
tion, kind respectful manners, in the ad-
miration even of his political enemies; it is no
wonder then, that they had so many attachments for
me, who looked up to him with reverence. In
June Mr Smith was elected by his fellow citizens
as a member of the city Council, & after I learned
& gratified by this testimony of their regard & respect
for him, I regretted this new employment which
by occupying every moment of his time completely
separated him from his family. In time we
gazed idly, & contentedly, & we owned a great
deal in society, wealth, pride & need books more
of amusement than instruction. I endeavored to cultivate my
tempor, since the cares of a mother left me no time for
the improvement of my mind. I sought for those
who were in distress, that I might impart to them
a portion of that comfort given me by my gracious
God. I took a lively interest in the fate of Miss Jones,
the wife of an industrious & intimateitative man, whose
life had been so difficult by her labour together with seven
children, five of whom were girls. I often visited her,
& as the little she had to give, could afford but a
small relief to her distresses, I made every effort I
could to procure her work from this. It is not only
one of our most sacred duties, it is likewise one of our present
pleasure, to impart consolation to the afflicted & afford
relief to the poor. I always endeavored to have objects
of peculiar care, in whom I can feel an interest, because
I think our hearts are more influenced by those things
in a few worthy objects, than when our charity is
more general & indiscriminate. This I have endeavored
to be the case, & I pray God, to give me no blessing,
without a disposition to participate them with my fellow
creatures. In May, I was attacked by the fever of
ague, before I had regained the health, which had
been so long dwanged. This disease visited every room
I had & increased in force & frequency the commotion
in June Mr Smith took the same complaint. The
largest & form of intellect, departed life of its greatest
charm, are neither of us were deprived by disease
but were incapacitated for social enjoyment, the enjoyments
of society, or the duties of life.
