Wednesday. In the morning the letter we received was a little piece entitled
the deathbed; she tried in vain to read it, her eyes continually interrupting her,
at first I cannot read it must said she let us choose some other her severity
affected me I sighed away her tears, lifted her s after talking a little
while proceeded to another though mere molestation she makes many mistakes
to correct this I told her that every mistake she made she should use
the sentence over the sentence following she read three times she was more
my dear they need I, it is not to please me I must on this it is for your
enforcement, I already know every word I am tired, but you go do not think
all the words you must read them until you do, after she would
she was so much satisfied with herself that the rest of her letter was
read well. In spelling too being convinced I could make her spell the
words, she now finds it easier than to do it at once, though I should
mer 2 today she of her own accord increased the number. The rest of
the day spent in the nursery, where I could pay little attention to
her, consequently she got but as instruction as could.
It is a long time since my spirits have been so depressed as they were
this day, the amount of the Ladies appearance was a shock from which
I could not recover; I seemed as if my own fate had been pronounced
sate that robbed me of my desired blessing, I soon recovering in
calming my mind I am trusting myself on the kindness of my God, by whom my
desire was designed. But this the whole day I felt miserable I wish
if my two years were gone, you found their way from my eye. For the evening
I took a long walk by myself, not to think the more freely, but to restore
my health of body, I walked fast, received my strength, rallied several
friends I came home better both in body & mind. Hope I shall ever
be able to conquer depreciation of spirits & that weakness of frame which
would totally disqualify me for the discharge of duty. Providence only
can conquer, I never think will I admit only indulge together or retain
tho' my affrontations.
July 4th. This day was spent entirely in the nursery, it was a holiday to many
who played through the whole of it. In the evening Mary Smith went to Fisher
I had a sweet little talk with my good sister.
Tryggy. The exquisite warmth of the day rendered many languid & invisible I gave
her but a short letter which however she was a long time about as she had
read in several times over I then gave her some water I talked to her while
engaged about it, when she grew a little tired I allowed her to read the
three freedoms of her which she read extremely well, I then read her
turns & obtain, she listened attentively I hope you listened with me at
the melancholy conclusion of dinner she behaved better than the day
before I after words she sat constantly at her sewing I was engaged with
writing, she did not speak to me I give myself I must I address her to bed
he said she she said I have finished my task, I am much obliged
to you for awaking me she then continued her work at four o'clock
talks aside my sister called Tryggy with Mary took a long walk she remarked
around the the busiest shades gather a few replemies of many beautiful
flowers Exclamations of pleasure every minute went from their lips, the look
later and tryggy look at that beautiful flowers she cannot resist trying what
a beautiful place is this, what delightful walking we have! The path was
always difficult but I encourage them to attempt it, which
they generally did without hesitation. It is very probable my children and
I, that you may meet with little accidents you may fall down, or catch
your foot in the water, or catch your arm, you may even meet a snake,
but remember you must not scream or cry because that will do no good
Tryggy remarked himself with tears & Mary in crying the book which
her foot in the water but they both remembered my advice. Few little
problems, innocent & effective as lands they were as happy as they were
capable of being. The nature how peaceful are they always over un
corrupted hearts! The virtues of innocent only are sensible of my attentions
and the pleasures bestowed by them ever tends to justify the heart.
Children should be educated in the country, where the innocent love
is formed & the purest sources of delight are opened. The pleasures
of childhood are never lost when deprived from nature, they continue the pleasures
of age, & amidst all the misfortunes of life are remembered with delight.
