Thursday, have a week has elapsed, without any record of the preceding events.
23. is shown a few hours, with persons we have never before seen, afford no other
reason for the investigation of characters, & parties, without the reflection
your meeting again, which I believe, in the circumstances, justified the promise of this time. Note be to his will, and more than
commonly pleasing I well informed. On anecdote he told of himself, on-
formed the mutability of politicians, quite from any sense of feeling.
educated in the a college over which roman catholic teachers presided,
the wife of Colston H. Robinson were constantly talked in their author
always spoken of with abhorrence, the condemnation, the prohibition
exalted the liveliest curiosity to there was nothing for which he so
ordinarily longed as an insight into the works of these authors. For
long I found myself in the streets, heard
some one offer certain words for sale. He seized it a volume with
engraves, laid it down, carried it in his pockets, fled to
his apartment, & desired it with avidity. Charmed with the style
of this writes, he afterwards read his words & made them a part
of his library. On day at conclusion, the finest as red room of he
had ever read these abominable words, he answered in the affirmative,
do you not know said he, that for this transgression you may be
condemned, damned, damn you ever need them, & do you know what they
contain, asked he, the oaths. I read them selected the notorious breach,
what upon myself to eternal memory, read them, I know you read
them, read the only reply made by the young man. This quotation,
as he afterwards discovered was unanswerable, for the volume, which had
been taken from him & condemned to the flames, he afterwards acci-
dently discovered in the chambers of the printer.
I have made a slight acquaintance with his hand & have been charmed
with the winning characteristics of his manners. Harriet, Ruth, Harriett & Mrs. Eggleston
have called on me. They were all, very social & friendly, I would make an
intimate acquaintance. But however highly I venture to trust, I find it
never, is not sufficient to give a claim to society. Certain portions of
intelligence & information, is necessary for this. I have been quite
disillusioned with myself for this week, first, I have not informed
the women, I informed, but I did every many hours, being obliquely informed
I have indulged my nature indolence. Last night I had a hour long
conversation with my husband, about the state of the world, the
present state of government. Did not feel well, I was going to lay
down, but I decided myself, I the firing making my husband uneasy, congress
may propose, I shall not consent, I shall be ready to meet him from Washington. Then I
stood in a little while, a little independent, no suggestion I had in the evening
with an uncommon determination, yesterday I received letters from my dear
friend
Remember, I rested in my own room, beside my own fire, I am tired here
23. received a fortune is often drawn by fancy. After a busy day, I sat
last, got every thing exactly arranged in my chamber, I sat by
on tea-table, on my husband's entrance, he tenderly embraced me
& we welcomed each other home. I am still very unsettled, hardly
only one room finished, my family is not yet collected, my dinner
there duties have not yet commenced. What a new scene of
opening before me, what new characters, how constantly
& unannouncing the attention required. Three men, Three boys
& two young women, constitute my family. These, I am not only
to render comfortable, but the elders I am to teach, by example
& the younger by precept. To inform their minds, to correct
the views & cultivate the virtues of their hearts, is not to be
my only care, but I likewise must attempt to give them
religious instruction, which is the only firm basis for true
& pure morality. Our father, who art in heaven, enable
me to perform all the duties of the situation, in which
they Providence has placed me. Let me learn when these
my children, as my brethren, remembering that we were
an created by the same hand.
December Now little do we learn of any situation in life, from
observation, it is by experience only, that we can know, the
unities, the causes, the difficulties or advantages & dangers of
any situation. It was easy to sketch an excellent plan, but
I do not find it easy to put that plan in execution.
This week, after week has moved since I entered this house,
23. as yet I have not found leisure for an hour's reading.
Domestic cares, too hurried to enumerate, occupy the day &
company, or the instruction of the young men, engrosses the
evening hours. Now however, I hope to gain more lessons, &
every day to read for an hour or two.
