Sunday. In the morning before church I pray mead one of her little sermon
I explained it as I went along, but the nature of it rendered it incomprehensible to her. I am more & more convinced that figurative language
and fables are not proper for children. The last was "He shall feed his
flock like a shepherd, he shall gather the lambs in his arms and carry
them in his bosom" and the sermon described Jesus Christ as a shepherd
and me his flock, whom he led to green pastures & flowing streams
from he preserved from dangers & sickness. The words were beautiful
the image affecting but the lesson was too remote to instruct. Many
could not comprehend, nor she was guarded by an invisible barrier.
How must she have carried me in this arm? what quiet pictures
have he laid me to? which were the frequent inquiries I found difficult to answer. For my turn asked her questions, not however out
of a catechism or under stood nothing of her questions concerning things
she had heard which she remarked in her own words, this while it
exercised her recollective powers, and her to clothe her thoughts
in her own words; a method I am surprised with expresses ideas much
more deeply on the memory, than when one uses the words of others.
I left her at home in my room where she sat an hour alone; amusing
herself with her books & date. In the afternoon she went with me to
after church we went to their Whiter, then to Paris with whom
returned home, having passed a whole day without napkins.
Monday. July 1st This morning Mary read her lesson with care, but
she had some difficulty in the spelling. My dear Mary wants to go and I
get at your with it and in haste, but this impatience will make your
lesson longer, for while you are studding about one word, you might spell
three & twice must he spell without studdings. I am at last of the
the room went thus the numbers.
The whole morning a part of the afternoon she indulged nicely as follows herself to her
neville. In the afternoon none of her little companions came to her with
the playfulness of time.
Tuesday. This morning it was not in my power to be in my own article for
me Mary was accompanied me. The letter we wrote was part of a piece in the
children's journal called the Penitent. The plot of dialogue is as follows let fathers
& mothers to save his family from the necessity of a steward's estate & to repay
a friend to take him up in payment against him & receive the rewards which
rewarded in to pay his father's debt. The father outwits, and is taken & endures the
most severe punishments; but the father will not receive the prize of the gods which
the captain makes her into the eyes of his father unless he recognizes the name
of his devotion. The father is at last declared & he gratitude of the parents
the parents of the officer, envoys one for the suffering of the soldiers, trains on
many points could scarcely meet with the officer's & leaves. Consequently
from today was perfectly clear, we went down to dinner I remarked her
not to speak & leave her chair while she still talked what
I said, but returned to my room, she in a charming manner & what
are you going to do aunt? I went to her chair while I went to dinner I remarked her
not to speak & leave her chair while I went to dinner I remarked her
not to speak & leave her chair while I went to dinner. I remarked her
not to speak & leave her chair while I went to dinner. I remarked her
Wednesday. July 2nd This morning I went to church with Mary. I
found her in the church. I went to her. I found her in the church. I went to her. I found her in the church. I went to her. I found her in the church. I went
to her. I found her in the church. I went to her. I found her in the church. I went to her. I found her in the
church. I went to her. I found her in the church. I went to her. I found her in the church. I went to her. I
found her in the church. I went to her. I found her in the church. I went to her.
I found her in the church. I went to her. I found her in the church. I went to her.
I found her in her room. I went to her. I found her in her room. I went to her.
I found her in her room. I went to her. I found her in her room. I
went to her. I found her in her room. I went to her. I found her in her room. I went to her.
I found her. I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found her.
I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found her. I went to her.
I found her. I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found
her. I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found her.
I went to her. I found here. I went to her. I found her. I went to her.
I found her. I went to her. I found here. I went to her. I found her.
I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found here. I went to her.
I found her. I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found here.
I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found her. I went to her.
Thursday. July 3rd This morning I went to church with Mary. I
found her in the church. I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found her.
I went to her. I found him. I went to her. I found her. I went to her.
I found her. I went to her. I found him. I went to her. I found her.
I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found him. I went to her.
I found her. I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found him.
I went to her. I found her. I went to her. I found her. I went to her.
