February, Thursday, 28.
Now was the mind bitter of my dear brother, and I think of me, how has it
dispelled the gloom which I had felt at returning home! affection
is absolutely necessary to my happiness, without it, neither affection
or health could prevail over me. I am most happy in the friends I possess,
had any one, ever a more tender, indulgent, patient, more affectionate
& tender brothers, more truly affectionate sisters, or more faithful
& kind & worthy friends! Rich in such possessions, in the enjoyment of
the present, I ought to loose every apprehension of the future.
But such is the formation of man, that from the source that
affords the sweetest fragrants, does he labour, from the bitterest
thorns; from the thorns that he plants the most fragrant blossoms
will be wounded by the sharpest thorns. From the soil which produces
the most luxuriant fruits, rises the most luxuriant weeds. — Such
is her lot. From the attachments of my heart, rise many trustful
reassurances & from the attachments of my heart proceeds the most
united unities. — For leaving the house of my sister, I
shall leave children's love, the most valued society, the most
delightful social intercourse of friends' skill, & many pleasures found
only under her roof. But I shall feel independent, — what innovations
can we not endure for this? — And then in my dear Francis's society
I shall find the most tender sympathy, I shall find the same taste, the
same interest, the same pursuits & many charming ideas, which
in my mind when I contemplate the plan pastor has offered, I will
read, write, walk a table together. — And will it always be my
lot, that when deprived of one pleasure, another will take its
place? — I feel this morning, a grateful tenderness, a melancholy
kind of pleasure. But after all the sufferings I expect, I cannot help
thanking God for times to come, declaring where shall the
time next go? What then will be my situation? My faith, wishes
whatever is their lot, will be the will of Divine heavenly Father.
They will be done gracious Creator!
Whatever they will, may they goodness see,
and with strong confidence lay hold of them,
with equal eye my various lot receive
merging to die in resolve to live
Prepared to die the deepest or the light,
while God is seen in all & all in God.
