was unwilling to receive relief of wants, which he would rather
endure, than an obligation to a stranger. Shamed the people, &
respected him for it. The greatest want I experienced in this town
and he one day, is that of company. your poor hard working
people, are not only ignorant, but in general are wicked. Litter
they have finished the work of the day, spend their wages in
drinking. As for the rest of the towns, fellow they all consider themselves
above me, so that between the two, I am left quite alone.
He was very fond of reading, I after a hard day's work,
would in the evening give each of his children a lesson &
then read to his wife while she worked. She was very
ill this spring; for several weeks, it was not in my power
to administer to her, all these comforts of which she stood
in need; I however visited her often. One afternoon as I entered
the room, I found her in bed, a decent looking woman at
her spinning wheel, the children playing on the floor &
the husband reading aloud for this little family. I sat down
on her bed, I looked around me, it it seemed as if the gloom
& loneliness of poverty were banished by the social affection
which united this little circle & cheered by that refinement of
mind which enabled them to love themselves in the manifestations
of the pleasures of their "What book are you reading?" replied
letter from France. He conversed of the scenes it descended & the
auditors seemed to take the liveliest interest in them. The
afterwards enquired, who the woman was that I saw at
work. "My neighbour said this time, who seeing how much I
sported in need of assistance, left her own work, by which
"she supports her family, I has been agreat deal with me,
"she does all my washing, cleans the house, I nepes the children
"prepars our meals & mends our clothes"
excellent woman thought I. This is indeed true Charity, let the
rich & the great come & learn of thee. If from their abundance,
they impart to the poor, if they give them food & clothes, they
are called benevolent & generous; albeit their gifts cost them
no sacrifice & no trouble. But this poor woman, gives her
time, which is the only instrument by which she can gain a living,
but this is not all which she does, she nurses the patient, she
a the servant of the family & the mother of the children.
The most liberal donations of the rich, & the services of this
woman bear no companions. I had received a considerable
sum from a friend, to expend in charitable purposes, however
I could not dispense of it better, than in preventing this woman
from suffering by her goodness; I therefore allowed her to take
the money for meek. The thanked me; informing me however she
was willing to continue her services for nothing. But in had
got about the house again & I had been absent more than
a week, when I received a note from her, begging I would
immediately visit her. I went to the house, ascended the stairs,
& found her weeping: without uttering a word she led me
into the next room & then left it. Here I found her husband
sketching upon a bed, a very ill. Affronted, he reached out
his feeble hand to me & in a feeble voice, "I am dying madam
can he, I have sent for you, to be with you to be a friend,
to my poor babe & children". I tried to compose him; at
the same time promising to do all that was in my power,
a beggary of him to tell me, what he wished to hide me.
With many interraction, he told me, all he wished me
to do in case of his decease; & then requested that the
clergyman might visit pray with him. I called on my
