not the prejudices of the man, blunted the reason, & in interpreting the
constitution, has he not destroyed the true religion of his country?
In this man, I am impressed with the strongest combination of an indiffer-
ent & a bad mind, with severity of conduct, showing benevolence, with narrowness
of sentiment, & allowing truth, yet subject to passionate, strength of reason
yet the slave of passion -- & their mere conflicting or conflicting passions
prejudiced with more force than by his sense. He had studied human nature,
he knew its virtues & its vices, he knew their effects, & he could not
Govern or regulate his own -- then thus amongst some of the worst,
find the weakness of men. I learn from Philosophy & seek elsewhere
for means to improve the human character, & no where do I find
any so effectual, as in the precepts of Jesus Christ. The perfect Christian
would produce the perfect man. There is no vice, no weakness
it does not correct, no profunessity to virtue it does not strengthen &
no virtue it does not reward.
As a poet I admire, but as a man I often disclude Voltaire -- He lived
in the margins of history, 15 or 20 years since the 16 spread the
theme -- He lived to hear the voice of liberty, and died not till he
beheld its triumph on America -- he was born in 1698 died 1778.
On reading the letters of Mary Wollstonecraft, particularly those which
speak the accents of tenderness, I felt inevitably affected by her astute remarks
& in the language of a fashion as pure as it is sincere, & I almost
forgive her the violation of the laws of society, on the expectation that
her own principles would secure as firm a security in critics. I was deceived
her principles are not calculated for the present, corrupted state of society
when men need laws to bind them to their duties. Indeed I much fear
man in any state is too subject to the caprices of passion to be governed
by an abstract sense of right, too prone to frailty to be virtuous without
motives & that laws to curb, punishments to deter & rewards to encourage
will be found necessary to give constancy to virtue.
Emily ceased to love her, she ceased to respect his character & yet she
persisted in endeavours to live with him. In one letter she says love is a
necessity of her nature, in another she writes to describe her attachment
to her daughter, such are her reasons for clinging to a man, who
as she says, felt her as a burden which he wished to shake off.
When at last he did shake it off, she sought refuge in death.
There on this transaction is discovered that strength of reason
that energy of principle, that maternal affection, of which the world
