Contrary to the general practice of the prosecutors of his time, he prosecuted
his judges without receiving from them any gratuity. He frequently
refused much presents which were offered him by Alexanders & others, tho'
unfortunately obliged to accept them by his wife. The chief men of Athens
were his stewards. They sent him provisions as they approved of he
wanted them, he took what necessity directed to returning the rest.
In his clothes & food Locriensis consulted only the demands of nature.
He commonly appeared in a neat but plain cloak, with his feet
uncovered. The in table was only covered with the simplest pan
he did not hesitate inviting to it men of superior rank, for
whilst others says he have to eat, wise men eat to live.
Though Locriensis was exceedingly unfortunate in his domestic connection
he converted this infortune into an occasion for exercising his virtues.
Lacrisis was certainly a woman of a high & unmanageable spirit
but Locriensis whilst he endeavoured to curb hers improved his own
temper. After all however which has been said of this good woman
we may rather think the account exaggerated, for Locriensis himself
allowed her many domestic virtues & we find her afterwards during
the imprisonment of her husband concerning much affection.
In the midst of Formicile executions & public executions he
ever retained an unruffled serenity -- never yielding to revenge
but unswelled over his adversaries by dispassion their insults
& enquiries
In arguing this command over the passions, he deserves the more praise
as he struggled against natural propensities. Lysippus an eminent philosopher
most declared that he preferred in the features of the philosopher, evident
traces of many various passions, the friends of Locriensis who was present
repeated this pretender to extraordinary melancholy. But Locriensis emphatically
confessed his regretful & acknowledged that naturally he was prone to one,
but lent to two -- nobility & inclination by the power of reason & philosophy.
It was one of the reasons of Locriensis that a wise man will worship the
Gods according to the institutions of the state to which he belongs. He taught
however doctrines concerning religion much more pure & rational than
those which were delivered to the people by the priests, & he refuted
the popular fables of the Gods. Convinced of the weakness of the human
understanding, & believing that the study of philosophy had led his people
into futile speculations on the nature & origin of things, he judged
it most consistent with true wisdom to preach with caution & reserve
of the Divine nature. Nevertheless, there can be no doubt that whilst
he did not deny the existence of inferior Divinities he acknowledged the
being & providence of one supreme deity, & paid homage with a fervour
to the Supreme Being. In fine Locriensis both in account of his abilities
as a moral philosopher & on account of his personal merit unquestionably
deserves to be ranked in the first order of human beings. The man whose
memories I write says Lycissus, was informed that he undertook nothing
without asking counsel of the Gods, so just that he never did the smallest
injury to anyone, but rendered essential services to many.
