March 26. - Philadelphia
This weather is truly delightful. The charms of the air, quiet electricity to the
shields while its mildness diffuses serenity for the soul. I have walked from
my crowded streets where every one wishes the cheerfulness of returning spring.
The winter there has gone its reign is broken. The shells that fell long ago behind
I have this morning visited the goal, even its inhabitants taste pleasure
while banking in the sun. What a contrast was there between its gloomy
department, the drooping trees in certain-shadows' face to the opposite yard
where "boys past love from school" were gazing & innocently enjoying the
glory of youth.
Hence is the pleasure that the human mind
divides from Nature's ever varying forms
but to its beauty is alone confined
but drawn from rugged rocks, from hills, & streams.
The awful splendor of the midnight sky,
The orange beams and the sullen reds
the lofty mountain, where the lifted eye
rejoicts its changeeful sway to exploit,
These not alone gives the attractive favor
to fix the attention or expand the heart
The breath that murmurs, & the opening flower
Some good useful truth or pleasure may impart.
May 11th.
March 27. 99.
Thus all the writings of Socrates place the severest condemnation not confined to man
but extending itself to the lower orders of creation & rising from them in
abhorrence to the Pieter. In all his writings may be discovered an indescrib-
able mind, moving superior to local interest, or prejudice & entertaining that
interest of mankind, & every where appears disgust to cruelty & dissatisfaction
arising from the vice of Self-interestments he has met in its circle.
While both bitterness he conveys the despair, the neglect & the Misfortune, he
feels & feelingly laments the victims of tyranny, ignorance & superstition.
This travels thus Spain & indeed discover the Fruitful effects of these evils,
& perhaps a state of human degradation of which I had found no idea.
While he journeyed over some of the lemon mountains, he wrote the
following lines, in which an affectionate & feeling heart speaks with
unaffected simplicity. It is in the language of nature & must be understood
by every one.
Bitten on Christmas.
How many a heart is happy at this hour
In England! brightly over the cheerful hall
triumphs the heated Recreations & friends & kindred meet
And the glad mother round her festive board
Beholds her children, separated long
Amid the clouds wide way, assembled now,
And, at the right affectionate laughter with
both smiles, the eye that age has long bedimmed.
I do remember when I was a child,
Now my young heart, a stranger then to care
