and sincerely endeavored not only to regulate my actions, but likewise
my affections & thoughts, by its holy precepts. But most especially
did I endeavour to inculcate that spirit of charity, of forbearance &
of gentleness, which characterised the Christian system.
The conversion of Dr. Bangert, the example of Mrs. D. confirmed
the power of religion. Thus passed this winter; in the tranquil
enjoyment of those pure pleasures which flow from Religion &
friendship; from the cultivation of the mind & imagination.
I returned to Connecticut on the spring, where I had an
interview with my friends by letters, having established a correspondence
with Dr. J. & Julia Martin, who was now settled at
a boarding school in New York & whom I had frequently seen
in the course of the winter. In the bosom of a happy family,
surrounded only with friends, I passed my time, without care
or anxiety, excepts on one point, 2 that was some religious doubts
which took possession of my mind. In order to get rid of these, I
read works, written in defence of religion, among which were
Calleys evidences. The conversion of St Paul, 2 Beatus espays on Truth,
I all these, instead of confirming, shook my faith; for they displayed
to me differences & departures, of which previously I had no idea.
How strange it is, thought I, that from the same book, even
from the same words such different conclusions have been
drawn. All cannot be right, 2 how can I be sure that I am
right, equally learned, equally zealous, equally religious have
diffused so entirely, that one would scarcely believe that
they drew their faith from the same source. The more I read
the more I doubted. Truth said I must be uniform in conduct
& it cannot assume so many forms, but amidst all the differences,
how am I to discern which is error I was
perplexed & bewildered. I pursued my way in these continual
paths; but its masses became more & more intricate, though not about
way to turn. The cause of all these doubts was this. That I was taught
to believe, that all those who die not believe in the equality of Christ,
in the necessity of his death for their own salvation, would be eternally
condemned. What those I have explained who had moral & religious
times, those who have never heard the name of Jesus, 2 even those
who were born before his appearance on earth, must all be
condemned to eternal misery, for what they had no power of avoiding
how they believe, in what they have never heard of? That they think
is a moral impossibility. No, no, a good God will never
impute as sin, the being born in an age or country, where he never
heard the name of Jesus. How national, how philosophical,
would be such a belief. Every book I read, led to the same conclusion.
Get educated as I had been, in the same belief of
necessity of salvation, I trembled, from fear I had no redemption
& guilt, whenever I allowed myself in these thoughts. I tried to
banish them from my mind, but this was impossible. It was
too important a subject to be so easily dismissed. From that
moment to this, has my doubts been increasing in number & in
strength. The more I knew of mankind, either from books or observation,
the fewer do I discover who can safely be saved, 2 the more
unwilling do I become, to embrace a faith which will condemn
so many myriads of human beings to an eternity of suffering.
God knows, how earnestly I desire to attain the truth, 2 that is
not from pride of reason, or from the desire of getting me of
the restraints of religion, that I thus doubt & thus enquire.
I practise with more fidelity than ever before the precepts of
Christ. 2 endeavour continually to purify my heart from all evil,
2 to cultivate every Christian virtue.
Brother Philip of the Union Church I hoped more than a week
this summer, with Mrs. Ingraham, 2 made an intimate intimate acquaintance with this amiable woman, her husband &
brother C.P.-
