The letter and of July, my beloved daughter was taken ill. Day after day I only slept at night did I anxiously watch over her, without the least signs of returning health. He sang out for a long while in vain for accommodations in the country & at last gratefully accepted the offer made us by the house of two small rooms, in a cottage occupied by one of his tenants. Never had my heart known such affliction, as the moment I was about to leave my dear husband, to whom I looked up to for comfort in this trying hour. The carriage arrived, I held my darling in my arms, while her father promising me both to his room, could scarcely bid me farewell. It was impossible for him to have the city I had to leave him to follow me. The idea of returning to him, but of returning alone, almost deprived me of courage to go, but I felt the necessity of the case, & that unless I exerted all my resolution, I should be unable to take up the care of my child, which she required, -- this idea impelled further, enabled me to conquer all agitation, to console emotion, & to go through the trying trials allotted me. The place was 10 miles distant, my poor little daughter laid on a bed in my lap, I could scarcely open her eyes.
Resolute to bear whatever was the will of heaven, I swallowed my fears by imagining my little one, to the God who gave it, & calmly awaited his decision.
When I arrived at the Cottage, I found it
the country situated, shaded by trees, & the grounds round, neatly cultivated. It was in a lively country, the air was pure, a comfortable house in the most numerous state & scarcely tenableable. The windows had no glass, & the outside, rain a wind found admittance through the chinks of the mud wall. Here, for the first time separated from my husband, my little darling disappeared, distant from all society or aid, I felt utterly dependent on myself. For a few moments I was overpowered by my melancholy & desolate situation, but it seemed as if strength had been given me, I felt an elevation of mind, better to understand, & seemed as if endowed with fortitude to sustain the severest trial. The day after our arrival a richly dressed lady placed & every hour my child grew better & four days afterwards after her father arrived she was quite free from fever & suffered only from debility. After her recovery, I bought her most part of the day, with the young woman who attended me, who amused her in the yard before the windows. I meanwhile wrote a read. The Smiths Jasper two or three days out of every week with me. While I worked, he sat by my side & read aloud, -- sometimes we walked miles together, often took a walk with us read in some shady spot, where no noise interrupted the silence, except the rustling of the leaves, the singing of the birds, or the murmur of a stream. --
