generously took him under his patronage & gave him the instruction
of his children -- In this situation he enjoyed the advantage of
attending the lectures of the worst philosopher, by which his thirst
for wisdom was so increased that he sustained every idea of emoluments
& indeed himself to the pursuit of wisdom -- with every advantage
which learning could secure he appeared at Athens as a good Athens
a true philosopher. He distinguished himself in several military
engagements by his temperance & sobriety & at several times in the
field of battle saved the life of Archimedes & Zenonikon -- About
the age of 60 he first served for country in a civil capacity
when he was chosen a member of the senate of five hundred;
here he uniformly opposed every species of injustice & centralism
only to at the expense of his life vindicated the rights of the
citizen -- But it is as a philosopher & moralist that Socrates
is most distinguished -- Having seen with regret how much the
Athenian youth were misled & thus principally corrupted by
philosophers who spent all their time in idle declamation
& by Sophists who taught the art of false eloquence & deceitful
reasoning, Socrates formed the generous design of instituting
a more useful mode of instruction. He justly conceived the end
of true philosophy to be, not to make an intellectual Fable
of superior learning & ability in subtle Speculations or ingenious
conjectures,
but to free mankind from Prometheus ignorance, to correct their views, to inspire
them with a love of virtue & thus to conduct them in the path of wisdom
to true felicity; he therefore appointed the character of moral philosopher, &
considering the whole city of Athens as his school, he seized every occasion
of communicating moral wisdom to his fellow citizens. It was his custom
in the mornings to visit the places of public exercise & walking, where
every one used to appear among crowds in markets & courts, then spending
all the time in the most frequentable parts of the city. Sometimes he addressed
an audience about him in the Gymnasion (a pleasant meadow on the borders
of the river Hippus) where he delivered his Discourses from a chair, while his
audience were seated around him. At other places he conversed in a
less formal way with his fellow citizens whether he met them, or with his
friends at their meals, or in their houses of amusement. Thus making
every place where is afforded, the School of virtue. He never assumed
the air of a mover of great intellect, but communicating useful instruction
with all the ease & pleasure of polite conversation --
Avoiding scientific or metaphysical Disquisitions, the great object of
all his Discourses was to lead men to an acquaintance with themselves,
to convince them of folly & vice & to inspire the love & practice of virtue.
Cicero, then justly said of Socrates that he was the first who called
Sown Philosophy from the heaven to earth & introduced her into the
public walks & domestic retirement of men. The moral lessons which
Socrates taught, he diligently practised. Thus his whole life this good
man ever discovered a mind superior to the all actions of wealth &
power.
