I would not permit myself an interval of ten minutes, for
no reason did my mind leave this subject. From the horrors
of death, Iptable I informed me. It was not the fear
of a future state, or an anxiety about my situation that
affected me, but it was a kind of perfection formed by
a fanemt fancy, which thus haunted me. In my dreams
nowadays, when I had contemplated death as a probable
thing, I felt no terror, but looked up to my god with
a perfect confidence in his mercy & a perfect willingness
to submit to his will, whether it should be
life or death. These terms then, arose from no want
of confidence in my god, but were the offspring of them
& as such I sought to destroy them. The tranquility
& cheerfulness, which I regained by the application of
my mind to poetry, was so highly beneficial, that
I resolved in the education of my daughters, to
adjudiously cultivate her memory. In my
confinement I suffered many times attentions from
my acquaintances, Harriet Georg, Mrs Mathew, Mrs
Foran & others called almost daily; but none
was so one, whose attentions seemed the offspring
of affection & sympathy but Madame Richmond
This lovely woman, came almost every day, & sympathized
in all my pains & pleasures, carried
in little one, & told a warm interest in
whatever concerned me.
my child was remarkably healthy & good. Suddenly one of her
infants died of some disease & I was with that infant an agonized
afflicted. Yet I never felt certain of its life, for every
day came, but night at my hands mine would meet
over it for hours, feeling every hour I suspected it would
be the last. When I was obliged to give up nursing, I employed
a neighbour, who was a healthy, young & gracious woman.
I dreaded the sight of another woman with my infant at
her breast, & believed it would inflict the most painful
sensations I had ever experienced. But the moment I
saw it, little did I expect seeing the natural food I had every
difficulty obtaining the natural food I had every
difficulty obtaining the natural food I had every
difficulty obtaining the necessary food for my child. I
was able to go down twice, the child continued in a comfortable state.
A little before the birth of Julia, I had discovered
an excellent & respectable widow woman, as an assistant
on my family affairs. I gave into her charge
all the sewing & house work & devoted myself entirely
to the care of my child. I was not well enough to visit
& I neither felt no inclination to leave home, nor
so much pleasure than ever. The Smith was no longer
cared for by her husband, that we never saw him
but at meals. My sister, old Jennie & I
visited her tranquility away, employed on sewing, nursing
reading & general seat of conversation.
