taken an everlasting leave of an old & agreeable companion, &
whosoever might be the future date of my history, the life of the
Historian must be short & precarious. I will add two facts, which
have seldom occurred in the composition of any at least five parts of
my first rough manuscript, without any intermediate copy, has
been sent to the press, not a sheet has been seen by any human
eye except those of the author & the printer.— Thus was ended
the work of twenty years.
Hecker in these memoirs, or in his letters, have I discovered that
vanity which is attributed to this man, on the contrary I have
admired the moderation & impartiality with which he speaks
of himself & of his work.— The tranquility of the last year of his
residence in Switzerland, was disturbed by the French revolution.
He opposed it and condemned it with violence. It was during the
visit of fruendship prompted him to make to England, that
to a disease which had long troubled him, rapidly increased
& finally put an end to his life.— He was born in 1757/82
died 1794. He left many friends, who mourned with sorrow,
the man whose commanding qualities & affectionate disposition
had gained their tenderest regard, & whose talents &
labours excited their perfect admiration.— The mind of Fulton
does not seem to be distinguished by brilliancy of perception
as much as by, strength, solidity & application; to his active mind
research was amusement, not labour, indeed all his literary
occupations appear to be the pleasures rather than the business of
his life.—
Written, to head a subscription paper.— April, 1800.
As Idleness is the parent of every vice, & as vice is the cause of most
of that wantchessness we meet with in society, no means to relieve the
misery of others can be more effectual than affording them an honest
mode of subsistence. Education affords the sweetest method of attaining
this end. But as poverty prevents a numerous class of citizens from
giving this advantage to their children, schools have been established
where the poor could be instructed without expense, & receive
trades, which would yield them an honest livelihood.
As there is no part of the community, so exposed to need &
misery as the female sex, it should be the first earnest care
of benevolence, to protect their weakness & relieve their necessities,
as habits of industry, are best adapted to promote this end
a small association of young ladies have taken under their
care, the female children of poor parents, but as their limited
resources, after giving a plain education will not allow them
to give these children, trades, by which they may gain a
future subsistence, they are induced to apply to the benevolence
of others.
