think of it with gratitude; as there is no pain so poignant
as self-reproach, so there is no blessing equal to self-affir-
mation: this book was one means of reconciling me to myself,
I surely there cannot be a greater blessing. I felt within
myself the power of correcting every fault, of acquiring
every virtue; and with this confidence I was not easily discouraged.
This winter read Prince Travels, Beard's Poems,
Beatrix's already travell'd travels, Bennet's letters. My taste
gradually changed and could now relate details of
real life. I was far from happy. I could not yet see
things without emotion, or fancy a day without wishing
that I thought of them. In this mode of correction, the
best calculated to awaken reaction; on a pastoral
degree, alienated my affection from London, which, of all
places was the least pleasant; I therefore readily accepted
the offer of Brothers invitation to go with him to Maryland.
The energies of my mind were now revived; I determined to
write out a sentiment which rankled in my heart,
I determined, in solitude, to improve my mind and correct
my faults. I was now fifteen. In April 1812, I went
across to Maryland with my brother John. It was eight years
since I had seen him, he was the only person that I had
ever seen before. My brother's wife was annual to affectionate
and I soon learned to love her. The evening after my arrival I was
taken ill and for a week confined to my room. This solitude
was beneficial and did not depress my spirits. I found
among my brother's books, Charles twelfth, the play of Sophocles
in some romances I read all with avidity; but the history
of Charles, was the most interesting. The boldness of his character,
his daring adventures, spirit, his generosity, courage, combined,
to were sufficient to excite my admiration. I then thought him
the greatest man I had ever known. At 11 p. m. I had read
Goldsmith's Greece, the most interesting events of which are still
fresh in my memory. The character of Alexander did not however
induce such enthusiasm as that of Charles. I shall always retain
my sensations of alarm and fear while reading the account of
the attack made on his house at Bender; where he in a few
hours took his residence in large body of Samariae, even after the
maneuver was in flames: how shall I forget the tears which started
in my eyes, when after pouring a volley over the town, he made
all the men he had taken captive before him, giving them their
liberty and ordering to each officer his sword, with a purse to bear
their expenses. It is eight years since I learned this book, but I
never think or hear of it without emotions of pleasure. After
my recovery, I found the greatest delight in rambling over
the fields, thru the woods and tracing the wandering course
of the Cevenls. Poetry & romance, had cultivated in me a taste
for the beauties of creation. Love the wildness of the scenes, the
rocks & wooded mountains, the unexploited lanes, the streams
the course of the murmuring streams, praised this admiration
to enthusiasm. In the morning I would see for an hour or two,
then return to a little parlor appropriated to my use, bread
write, or draw. Dear little room! the hours I have there passed
often rise to me recollection as some of the happiest of my life. I
read more than 50 volumes in the course of the summer, among
them, was Newton on the Prophecies, which I was little pleased
with, as it appeared to me as if his conclusions & his application
were generally forced. Robertsons Scotland, this was
indeed a feast; no romance ever more favorably suited
my curiosity. I should scarcely lay it down, as I recollect it was
