accompanied him to the sick man's chamber. He convened with
him on the duties 2 the bishop of religion. The poor man, indeed, was
unwound to perform his duties, 2 was now supported by his bishop.
I feel no apprehension said he, regarding a future state; I trust in
the abolution of Jesus Christ, 2 believe that however painful it may
be, that the mercy of God will be granted me for two sake.
I felt indeed, anxious, that a wife 2 four children should be
left without any support in a strange land, 2 the wide ocean
between them 2 every earthly relation; but my fear are now
all over, 2 I leave them in the hands of their God 2 my God.
If it is his will to take me from them, he will be their
support; for has he not promised to be the father of the fatherless?
2 it is good to believe, declared he, it is good
to trust in the Lord! -- If I die, I die in peace! The breath
breathed around his bed, 2 Mr -- prayed with fervour and
affection.-- Trembling on the verge of that life to which we are
bound by so many tender ties, surrounded, 2 feeble, 2 weeping
infants, by a tender, 2 honest, 2 devoted wife, whom we are about
to leave, unsupported, amidst all the wrecks of life, poverty
2 sickness; to have in a world of vice 2 misery; what must
be the anguish of the dying man, as he feels the iron hand
of Death, tearing away those bonds, which bound him to life!
Why Religion, it is in scenes like this, that true humanity
lives is felt. Thou cannot pour a healing balm, into the agonizing
heart; Thou cannot support the sinking soul; Thou
cannot plant out the hand that will protect the orphans
2 the orphan; when every other stay is taken from them; Thou
cannot dissipate the gloom of the grave; 2 tear away the dark
veil which, satiety from most all men, cannot bid the soul, weary
light of Immonestability, burst up on the astonished mind, 2 raise
the sufferer from the darkest glooms of despair, to the brightest
hope of eternal Happiness! -- And is it thy divine light, Holy
Religion, that the old hearted saint seeks to enlighten? Surely
sure he to study the human heart, when dethyed by sin, surely
sure when deprived of mercy, he would discern that Religion was equally
receptary to its support. In one case, to protect it from the temptations
of worldly pleasure, in the other from vice.-- But must
must he visit the house of mononery, where he beheld the unwatched
mother weeping over the care of a beloved child, where he sees
see how long it has been since he has seen her, 2 raising her weeping eyes to heaven,
declaring, "Father to thee do I commit my child; Then hast said,
safer little one, Even to come unto me, for of such have the hungry
hungry of heaven -- I believe that thou hast taken from me all
all things, to means of eternal peace -- The shirt is with thee
my God, 2 my Hope is not burned out in the grave, but
know that my Redeemer's feet, 2 that he is gone to prepare
place for all those that love him -- And that after a short
time I shall join my child to be parted no more."
Have he to see, a miserable unvisited, unsheltered, when a bed
of straw 2 nothing with agency, without a friend to hold the
holding hand, 2 or part, as not to have a mouth but bread,
but what was fulfilled of charity, 2 did he hear her say,
"Sorrow in all my sufferings; for before I was afflicted I
reflected my duties, I was little 2 negligent, seeking after the
pleasures of this world, 2 neglecting of another. But the
hand has taken away that health, of which I made so guilty
me, he has taken from me all the comforts this world and
world, 2 when I wander'd far from him, he has brought
