few of my friends think well of him, who would not to think as they do.
which I esteem him, let feel as I should meet with disappointment.
cannot manage by paramountical sensations, there were distinguished by previous
impressions. This with all this doubt I feel regret to see disappointment
at the conclusion of this day. It is seldom at the house attended with
so fault or disturbances. It ought not to be thus. I have this day corrected
a fault, I have this day successfully restrained a profuseness which when indulged
led to error. Why then do I not expect all the satisfaction of self-abolutionation
today morning -- 92 June.
Day after day passes away, with few interesting occurrences, and with
little acquired knowledge, my hands are emphyzed, but my mind is
idle. While I put half earth, why the topossever this lethargy, I will arm
from it, I will awake to industry, I will discipline my thoughts.
I have undertaken a pleasing but difficult task, the care of Mary.
If I have not persevered, I can not continue it, I am certain
of its being beneficial not only to her, but to myself. There is
no part I am so desirous of gaining as that of education,
and am sensible that in this business, we educate ourselves
as well as the pupil. Our own temper must be regulated --
that we may constantly illustrate our principles by our example.
I feel in an common degree of interest in my present undertaking,
to improve myself by my pupils, I will think a journal. Their character
or rather their disposition is of a peculiar cast. Their temperament
is obstinate, obstinate, indignant at punishment, but submissive
to tenderness. A mind of quick perception, a large intelligence,
a heart of exquisite sensibility, affection --
On Monday last I commenced my task. I found her student a
trouble. Yesterday morning after having said her lesson I taken her
seat by my side, she wanted a pair of glasses, but had lost her own.
I would not lend her mine, in order to make her more careful.
I allow her to teach a young servant one hour every morning, but as
from the want of her glasses she could not pronounce her syllables with
her improved Hannah, telling me would give her, her next lesson, as
many words not back school, unless she knew how to keep her things
in order. This made her very angry, I her utter behaviour, overruled
my displeasure, I spoke calmly to her, saying, "it is for your good my
child. That I now furnish you. You often have much trouble in
looking for your things I if by sitting still a child long, you are
taught to be careful, you will be much happier." Her friends crowded
at punishment, "I find ever said she, I must work but I know where the
cigars are -- recollect yourself Mary, instead of your fault, you have committed
time, each worse than the first. The loss of your glasses was a trifling,
your ill temper was very wrong, but the dog you have not told, is a much greater
offence, and is offending God as well as myself. I have you on with my hand
but it pains me to punish you but I must do it. This evening you can
not play in the garden with your brothers & myself, her shame be quite too great
and without you I shall not know what to do without my little girl."
I was affected, she promised it, her passion was over, I with tears I sobbed
repeated my forgiveness. I kissed her, rushed away her tears continued my
work. Tired of silliness, I quit the littleしつlanded at the intended end in
the evening, she took a bath I need to herself, at least her good humour
transpired I do begged she might need to me. Then passed the rest
of the day, I as a mind I have long promised her, I was now obliged to
lay, prevented our play now in the garden, her punishment was finished
this morning, she discharged some little regret, I obtained a consent. I left
the room without speaking it afterwards heard, that she made up with
the servant I looked very well. Her lessons has been badly written
