me to him, -- "God, there are blessed agonies; they have brought
"me to the knowledge of my God, & the my body is broken, my
"soul is made whole. My soul was dreadfully distressed &
"these sufferings on the medicine appointed for its cure. Only
"come not then, for rather would I die thus for ever, than be
"returned to the state I was before in." Surely, were I
"to behold such scenes, all the I might believe that all this
"comfort was the offspring of delusion; his benevolence would
"lead him to streny, then an illusion, whose effects were thus
"beneficial. If what avail is reason, in trials like these,
"if it enables us to bear them patiently, it is the utmost of
"its powers, for never can it make us rejoice in the submission
"of absolute pain. But if as materialists argue, Reason, Self-interest
"similar particles with the body, it must be affected by them,
"& then at the moment when we most need its aid, it is too
"infectable to lend any.
"But to return to melancholy scenes we have left. Mrs. P.
grew worse all that day, but calling the next day I found
"the voice had faded, & there were hopes of her being -- I spoke
"to my sister of this family, she became their friend, & they no
"longer suffered for any necessary comfort. She supplied them with
"all they wanted, & through her they gained many other friends.
"He had a stroke of the palsy, which totally disabled one arm
"& leg. This was a dreadful incident. Thomas, the family depend
"ed solely on his labour for subsistence, & this entirely in cap
"tated him for any question. For six months he was confined to his bed, & suffered
"a great deal of bodily as well as mental pain; I saw them at
most every day, but never died. I hear a murmuring weakens his life --
"It was the sake of God, & which he could not foresee what good
"fortune was to be announced & his affliction; he felt convinced
"that it was for his benefit it is firm was his reliance on the wisdom
"of God, that he was thus injured & murmured. All, who had
"heard of his labours industrious, frenzied to his illness, were now
"willing to administer to his relief. He one heard of, without seeing
"him something, & as far from suffering, he was perhaps better off
"than while he was in health -- A collection was made for him
"in church, & many families daily sent him money for himself
"& paid for his family. His bishop's health was much damaged
"during this time she was put to bed of a little son. I was
"enabled by the sum, I before mentioned, to procure a nurse
"for her & to send their eldest son to school. This was a thing
"of such deep but, it was not a house of sorrow -- Their friends seem
"to increase, & the spirit of benevolence every day spread its influence
"widely & wider -- Through the summer & through the whole of the
"next winter were they supported by the charitable inhabitants
"of Do -- The next spring, he was recovered enough to walk about
"& they determined to return to their relations in England.
"The unweaned benevolence of their friends was not, yet exhausted
"a subscription paper was handed at eight 250 dollars soon raised,
"in order to provide them for their voyage -- added to this the
"ladies of their acquaintance, supplied them with clothes, &
"with all those little comforts & delicacies, which are so much
"table to the sick -- A certificate was given them, to take
"to their English friends, signed by several of the most respectable
"citizens, certifying, that their misfortunes, were not the
"result of intemperance, but of disease, & that because to his
