New York, March 1st, 1832.
How great is the influence of artificial slaves over our characters. If they are unjustly
perpetuated, certain distinctions only are drawn into exercise, if they become the
form leading to devilsous traits of character. Indifferent persons, good and honest,
unscrupulous, and even criminals, are often influenced to the same extent as
persons with opposite dispositions, and form a different character.
Our moral feelings, principles, sentiments, are subject to the same influence, & we
must acknowledge that our sense of right & wrong is not made of natural,
but formed by external circumstances. Even our religious opinions, originated in
the same manner, such as are the conclusions drawn from an observation of
the conduct of others & from my own experience, are thus determined by
reason to be innate, universally acknowledged & practised in every age of the inhabitants
of truth is uniformly. If this is truth, it must be always & every where the same.
When then shall I find truth? I know of no fountain other moral or religious,
to which this character belongs. But how is it to be defended? Reason, the noble
gift of heaven, is that which is most to be relied on. Reason may be deceived by
the forces of imagination, or modified by the suggestions of sentiment or ambition,
reason becomes weak, then to be defended. I am fortified with doubt, which I trust to
lead the noble path, but the doubt is not that it cannot be discerned. I am deceived by
being a philosopher. What makes me ashamed? I know I have not why man was created, but to
judge from his nature, his principles, his desires, his hopes & fears from his doubts, prejudices & causes them,
we must conclude it is for happiness. If the theologians profess, because the same
God who formed & gave with these features, deserves the same founded reasons of
objects to gratify, he creates them. Theory & tradition are both evident in the constitution of man. The wisdom that divested & the power that executed, are
equally infinite. If then I believe that all things were produced by infinite
wisdom & infinite power, I must believe all things might, must as God, called
for, should be. He has not indeed made no Angels, he has not established
the superiority of Angels amongst men from He has made no men creatures a
little lower than angels, and whateve we refuse on that account. These reasons
are the grounds of being but all the reasons are perfect according to their kind.
The Deist cannot doubt, as it requires an imperfect elephant, man cannot fly, as the man then as an animal imphantil man is the highest grade of being, with which we are acquainted. And our ignorance is reduced
to creation. A tree may be infinite grades of leaves above man. When!
man comes to himself a chain of beings extending from the most innocent
beasts to his creations, when I imagine man to have duties of this great chain, all
defectives cannot be above the least of fallen Angels, he is perfect of his kind, as he
are perfect of this kind, & may be different from what he is, he would be something
more or something less than man. But it has pleased God that such a creature
should exist, that we preeminently therefore call imperfections are not
such but are peculiarities which belong to his nature. What then is reason? Is
there not sin in the world? Is there so sin in the world, it consists not in the
indulgences of passions, whichforma part of human constitution, but from causes in
that indulgence. But when a cause is lawful? Because it bestows favor upon
persons, which is certain to give liberty to persons, which desires man has been wrong,
but it is not the strength of passion or excuse for cruelty to carnage. Fatal effects
of the debates of reason are both given by God as naturally, and related to
them are the calculations of temperance in their life, & a reward in the life to
come. Is the usefulness of an action then independent to be measured by its good?
And is the value or merit of any action, independent to be calculated? Yes,
but the means we produce, we transgress the will of God (which is the happiness
of his creatures) & become liable to punishment for the good we do, we fulfill
the designs of God to become subjects of reward. I know the introduction
of evil in the world has been a subject of controversy, but I am unengaged with
the points of government, controversy. I have neither read nor heard disputes
on that topic. I am aware of justice, every action, humanly, results from the belief
that the destruction of one man should involve an hundred millions of slaves
in eternal misery. When from the influence of education, I have thought
it a sacred duty to believe this, I have tried, I have even and I did, but
my reason never would submit, to my heart, tender to the extreme towards
my fellow creatures, always rebelled against this belief. The death of
Christ I read with alone for their sins, I save from punishment all those
who foul their blood in him. But how few, how very few, are those who
have heard this name! And are they who by the place, or tone of their
truth, have been held in ignorance, are they to be condemned to eternal
suffering! Man in this case, can not be responsible for his ignorance, since
he did not choose, nor could he avoid his fate. I cannot then suppose
that a being infinitely wise, powerful & good, would create murderers
for the endurance of misery. Such faith, no, is a moral impossibility, I
have the evidence in the original in condemnation of man, founded on experience
of human nature. Great God! How these men, forgive me if I say, I
