Saturday July 13. Since this day last week, our arrangements have been interrupted
by a visit to her home. I went with the expectation of much pleasure,
but like most expectations mine were disappointed. The only satisfied
hours I spent were those I passed exclusively with my friend. He, with
the more I know, the more I love.— Many times behaved uniformly
well; she was delighted with the ride, & was more like an agree-
able companion than a spoiled child.— Our more settled in
my little room, I try to resume my accustomed evocations, but
they are all welcome to the views around me formed of pleasure.
The tenderness which has been so strongly excited I so warmly aroused
by the friend who has left me, prevails upon my heart & saddens all
my hours. Still I keep my hands employed, & endeavour to think
to many, but every word I speak to her, in the dictate of duty,
& the lively interest I take in instructing her, is distracted by my
own concerns. Happiness depends not on circumstance, but on the
regulation of our minds & affections. This is an independent
long ardently to give, persuade the same pleasures I cannot within
myself, the more permanent will those pleasures be. The task is hard
to learn & a duty to be acquired by the most rigid perseverance.
At present my prospects are uncertain, my situation fluctuating a few
weeks & they may be changed, the net perhaps for the better.
The state of my mind is too correspondent with that of my heart
These are moments when life appears too worthless for this anxiety, &
its pleasures too insulting to seek from them. I flee from the despondency
so eagerly an enemy to peace & virtue I need to conquer it in active duty.
Many today near her home well, has done some work & been playing
the rest of the time.
Sunday July 21.
At those moments when I realize the presence of God, when I can renew
him in the character of a parent, whose power has given me existence &
whose goodness makes that existence a blessing, my heart experiences a tender
gratitude which surpasses & elevates all other earthly affections, or rather
it refines those affections. Oh, when I look around me I see the
growing beauties of nature, when I reflect that their creator was mine,
to that they are formed for the benefit & delight of man. These are
sensations the most sweet added to the pleasure which all take
in views of this kind; & this is far from an imaginary refinement;
for in social life, we feel a peculiar value for the gift of a friend,
a peculiar delight on dwelling where dwell those we love, & on
being dependent for our happiness. The same feelings fill my
heart in contemplating the means of my God; only that my pleasure
is increased in proportion to my abration. It is a warmer gratitude
& excited, by a conviction of my own unworthiness & incapability of
making any return for the kindness I receive at their hands,
when my affections are in twofold exercise towards my fellow beings,
when I am enjoying all those exquisite & pure delights which nature
— created tenderness peels, these delights are all enhanced by reflecting
that these sweet affections as well as the object that excites them,
are given me by my creator. How susceptible is the nature of
man of enjoyment! But in nothing is the belief of a God necessary
a source of comfort as in an humane. That the belief is necessary
to the happiness of two men, without this faith men appear an
inconvenient being & life perilloing, dear & gloomy. But this devoted
man in the scale of being, & gives him a motive to virtue & a source of
pure happiness.
