unreserved & opinion conversations lightened those long evenings. Every subject
relative to taste, literature, moral principles & religion in manner were
discussed -- I discovered a similarity of taste, a concurrence of opinion,
an ardour in the pursuit of knowledge, a value for intellectual
attainments, which I had met with in no one else. While others
indicated me for my fondness of reading, he applauded it; while
others assured my with drawing from fashionable amusements, I
attributed my dislike of dissipation, either to an affectionate
or religious sentiment; he thought it indicated a rational &
well regulated mind. I praised him more on this account.
Engraved as I was, to ridicule or censure, his approbation ever
reconciled me to myself, I made me grateful to him. Constant
attendance on religious services, my absolute refusal to attend
the theaters & amphitheatres, exposed me to constant persecution;
refusals & ridicule were alike spurned against me. The audacity with
which I sought for books, & the opposition with which I demanded them,
confined me to all those common place information, of history,
& natural history, with which our sea are traversed. Even the discover
a taste for literature. By 1. H.B. I was constantly supplied with
books, I found in him alone a congenial mind -- Our dispositions
were different, but our pleasures were the same; I have ever
said, that this was the only similarity of character which was
absolutely necessary & matrimonial felicity. All men, in all
their complements seek for pleasure. This indeed seemed
the end of every human. Happiness our being's end & armies forms
that pant, in which a resemblance is necessary. If the wife
is fond of gay company & a diversified life, & the husband is
fond of retirement, of study, & domestic comfort, a fatal
pairing takes place & they mutually destroy each other's wants, &
only find enjoyment in separation. If the wife in Delights
in visiting the city, cloathing the naked, & feeding the hungry, &
the husband is only pleased when he is boarding up every farthing
& seeking his only gratification exclusively, not only separation but animos-
ity & hatred will be the offspring of this difference. But when two persons
are united, whose hearts expand with benevolence to all around them, who
write to the most humblest classes of people, collect around their
fine side a small but select circle; whose hours of solitude are spent
in the acquisition of knowledge, such persons, never wearyed of
each other society, are a mutual support against the evils of
life, are mutual stimulants in the pursuit of virtue & knowledge.
In every occupation, in every pleasure the trend the same path, &
every tool of every occupation is lightened, & the enjoyment of
every pleasure increased by this participation.
