but when we recollect that the Germans were unshil-
-led in architecture & totally unacquainted with the art
of sculpture, we shall readily assign the true reason,
as from a want of ingenuity. The only Temples
in Germany were dark & ancient graves, consecrated
by the reverence of succeeding generations.
Their secret gloom, the imagined residence of
an invisible power, by presenting no distinct object
of fear or worship, impregnated the mind
with a still deeper horror; & the priests, rude
& illiterate as they were, had been taught by
superstition the use of every artifice that could
preserve & fortify impressions so well suited to
their own interests.
The same ignorance, which renders barbarians
incapable of conceiving or embracing the useful
restraints of laws, empowers them naked & unarmed
to the blind terror of superstition. The German
Priests improving this favorable temper of their
countrymen, had assumed a jurisdiction over
temporal concerns, which the magistrate could not
venture to exercise; and the haughty warrior
faintly submitted to the lash of correction, when
it was inflicted not by any human power,
but by the immediate order of the God of war.
The defects of civil policy were sometimes supplied
by the interposition of ecclesiastical authority.
The latter was constantly excited to maintain silence &
quietness in popular assemblies & was sometimes extended
to a more enlarged concern for the national welfare.
But the influence of Religion was far more powerful
to inflame, than to moderate the furious
passions of the Germans. Interest & fanaticism often
prompted its ministers to sanctify the most daring
& unjust enterprises, by the approbation of heaven
& the assurance of full success. The consecrated
standard long reverend in the groves of superstition
was placed in the front of the battle, & the
hostile army was destined with dire execrations
to the Gods of War & Thunder. In the faith of
soldiers (a faith not the Germans) cowardice was
the most un pardonable of sins. A brave man
was the worthy favorite of their martial Deities; the
witch who had lost his shield in battle, was
alike banished from the religious & civil assemblies
of his countryman. Some tribes of the north seem
to have embraced the doctrine of transmigration,
others embraced a prophetic paradox of immortal Death
& enfeud. All agreed that a life spent in armed
& glorious death in battle, were the best preparations
for a happy futurity, either in this or
another world. The immortality so vainly promised
by the priests was in some degree conferred by
the swords. That singular order of men has most
deservedly attracted the notice of all who have attempted
to investigate the antiquities of the Celtic
Scandinavians & the Germans.
