May 8th
The difference in human characters, is not confined to the
the prominent features or leading dispositions of an individual,
but extends itself to the minutest aspects of circumstances.
Two men, magnanimous the same salutation from a third,
to one it may seem, frank & affectionate to the other
distant & indifferent. Two men may contemplate the
same object, one with emotions of delight, the other with
those of disgust. Our perceptions of beauty & deformity, are
not always the result of different objects, but of different
dispositions in the view of the same object. It is impossible
for one man, to determine by his own experience what will
give pain or pleasure to another. It is impossible therefore
for any individual, to give a true picture of another. I was
led to these reflections, by the difference found in the
character of Johnson, when described by Foxwell, & when
delimited by himself. I cannot help wishing that he
had been his own historian. He alone knew, the motives which
decided his conduct, the feelings which impelled to action.
To judge man from appearances in our only mode, yet is
it possible to err so & mistake? Is the motive, which
decides an action to be esthetic or criminal.
Johnson -- "For the only method, by which religious truth can be established,
is by Martyrdom. I am afraid there is no other way of ascertaining the
truth, but by persecution on one hand, & enduring it on the other."
So said Johnson: even his great mind, unaltered free from prejudice,
& his attachment to the established church, leads him to renounce those
who differ from it. He would, forbid freedom of thought, but he would
restrain & even forbid the freedom of expression. He affirms of the
exercise of civil authority over the religion of men, & would oppose
to human favor, that judgment, which surely should be left to
God. When there are such infinite differences among in the opinions
of men, is it possible that one man, should require all to conform to his notions of truth, & prevent them from conformity?
Why need there be persecution to ascertain truth? Would it
not be better for every one to know what he desires to be truth?
and must not the breed of suffering, frequently perpetuate error?
If the civil authority, had been able to silence the reformers, we
had still been involved in the superstitions of the church of Rome.
That many, error, & corruption have entered into the present
Christian church, must be allowed, & if freedom of enquiry & enquiry
-error, be not admitted, how are these errors to be detected?
