with the sentiments of the country. I will not Gibbs I shall again see, he is an uncom-
monly well informed young man 2 of a most amiable disposition. Mr.
Willmott an gentleman from Baltimore, 3 whom admiration of Mr.
Gibbs had evidently attached to their party, is a sensible well informed
man 4 a most social 5 pleasant companion. He too, this morning
left the house. Mr Smith is absent on business 6 some time since.
I would make use of the present moment of quietness and reflect on
my present situation 7 in arranging the disposition of my time.
If possible, I shall rise early, immediately after breakfast I shall
read a chapter in the bible, beginning with the 1st testament,
& going regularly through it. I shall most certainly, to devote my
time to building my faith, in Jesus Christ, enlightened principles,
for this purpose, I will, as exactly as possible free my mind from
all human opinions, 8 read the scriptures with attention 9 in
particularity. I will read a certain portion every day 10 when I procure
a French translation will read likewise a dozen verses on the gospel.
Such then will be a daily practice of any interesting events that near
of character I become acquainted with, of the duties 11 need, of the duties
of profession, of these I neglect, give my opinions 12 feelings, of my pay
13 services. This will not only give me a habit of narrative with
society, but will enervate my enemies, will confirm good sentiments,
will be a check to insolence 14 error, will preserve the character
of reflector, which the prevalence of the day gives me to, 15 will
be the arrangement 16 contemplation of my views. Should I, if persecuted or
17 a man of reference 18 an interesting legacy, to some one whom I love in
19 I am fully sensible of all the advantages resulting from the first
20 hour of the day, being thus devoted to reading the scriptures 21 record of
my own life. I know not, of the seven 22 duties of humanity, will
23 harm of this, I know not of my health will be continued, or whether
24 I shall be at all times able to resist the natural inclinations of my
25 nature. But I will endeavors to act in all, as I am convinced of
26 the best. While I am at lodgings, I cannot form no system of employment,
but on this same method, to make the best of every situation, how
27 to do good wherever I have the power, to perform my duties to my God,
28 to my husband, to myself 29 to all around me. God I am weak
30 a friend, 31 tho by the grace of God I am enabled to form the best resolutions
32 it is, on that grace alone, that I rely for their performance. Which one may
33 God!
prayers on commending an irregular study of the Scriptures.
Elemental, 34 self-existent being, creator of the universe which surrounds me,
35 an actor of my being, 36 to thee would I, the creature of thy power,
37 raise my present desire. I desire to know thee but thou art unwilling
38 in darkness, which in itself reason cannot comprehend. Born
39 in a Christian country, it is in the sublime Sam taught to
40 study thy nature 41 my duties. Is this a revelation, correct from
42 thee or is it of human invention, are the doctrines which I teach,
43 necessary to the salvation of my soul, 44 is the morality it enunciate,
45 the most pure, 46 the best calculated for the promotion of human
47 excellence 48 happiness? To discover these things, I now open this
49 volume 50 read it with attention.
51 In the power of habit, the influence of education, the
52 opinions of another, the force of affection, the dictates of pride,
53 the desire of the praise, or the fear of the censure of men, neither
54 bind my reason, or induce me to violate to embrace Truth, or
55 to neglect error. From the pure love of Truth, be the only motive
56 that will sway the researches I am about to make.
57 Gracious God, if I dream what is true, give me strength inevitably
58 to adhere to it, if I ever father of nations forgive my error I com-
59 plicate my faultly. Amen.
August 7th. A few days residence on a lodging house has
60 been sufficient to convince me, that I am about an irregular mode of
61 employing my time. I must then consent to circumstances both the best
62 I can, ordering myself in admirable manner. In the afternoon I walked
63 several miles with Mr Smith, thru a charming country. It has
64 a most peculiar appearance to see the roads and paths winding
65 up a munt and well wooded plains. In the evening I found
66 my lodging, the lights out, and the room silent. The simplicity of nature quite
67 exchanged for the magnificence of art, but the reflections, not,
68 but a little while on the change of time, objects, I contemplate,
69 the moral change that all will take place. Soon with
70 honest industry, 71 vigorous simplicity, girded to designing
72 ambition, 73 polished discretion, I hurry with all its train
