They believed the universe to be animated by a Divinity, portions of which
resided in different parts of nature; from hence arose their worship
of sun, moon, stars, their reverence for rocks, groves, & caverns.
They believed in the Divine original of the soul, & from this doctrine
procured contempt for life which made them seek danger & death
without fear, which made them invincible in battle, which gave
them the conquest of Rome. They expected to pass eternity into
an invincible world, where rewards & punishments were dispensed;
but the punishment was meant only to punish men & was
to cease, at the general restitution of all things, when after the
conflagration of the world, a new form of existence would commence.
Like other barbarous nations, their priests, their Priests, pretended to
divination, thus making themselves necessary to the cult, by possessing
the most despotic influence over the minds of men.
The sooner does religion become the instrument of government,
than it loses its purity. Of all the tyrannies that have enlaid
maintained, that of superstition is the most cruel & deprading.
No religion has escaped this corruption. Even that of Christ is
immoral to all kind of slavery, when once united to worldly interests
but its original character. While it was distained by Hercules
by the great kings & great ones of this earth, it breathed love products
to men, & gained converts by its promises of future bliss &
present comfort.
But no sooner did Kings become its advocates, than it spread desolation
& misery over the world, contracted within the sword instead of the Bible, &
gained its conquest by the violence of this world, instead of those of Heaven.
The copy of a letter to continuing a short
view of the rise & progress of Christianity
on the point you read in last evening of how not mistaken these are our
important historical events, leave to disputation! I did not mention it
of the times besides there is a fund to which we are all subject which
results against the recantation of a favorite opinion or the acknowledgment
of error, especially before witnesses. You may, that Philosophy has established the
truth of the gods & checks these streams of blood in which they were
bathed. What is the Philosophy that has done this? History records the
names of a few wise men but their discoveries of truth were too limited
to reform a nation, and the number of their disciples were confined to native
men & to reach. Isocrates & Plato taught the purest and most noble
articles that were known among the ancients. Yet neither of them reformed
their modern societies improved the morals of his citizens, & was persecuted
because of his disrespect to the gods, yet at the moment of his death he
persuaded to them, thereby securing the salvation of false religion. The
belief of a supreme & intelligent governor of the universe enlightened the mind
of this poor man it was still darkened with doubt, in the last moments
of his existence he knew not of the approaching change would constitute
a man of virtue this being
