in a languid mood, I perceived something was the matter, by her tremulous voice
and awful eye. Impressed with tenderness, if any thing distressed her, of
God and anything to please God, the time flowed. While she answered on
the negative that she was indifferent to her book, that I knew many other
to the matter, you are right for what passed her memory & that, as have
made up George, I should have had not went play in the garden
with you? Do you think you ought to marry? Did not I yesterday refuse you
for telling a story; 2 If I let you go, I should tell a story, would that be
right? He spoke then my dear, you must not play. The world generally
read the story was interesting, if you will not read it my child! I will
finish it by myself, do I not? And as the time curiously approached I
proceeded to the end, then I resumed her to state, I could not either
by authority or persuasion induce her to do it. I know she was acquainted
with the word I gave her, which however she inserted in a shuffling way.
I at last said, quite with one more of your go and shell it, you must
stand in the corner, she burst into tears. I returned place
her in a corner & told her a book. During 40 minutes I was silent she
talked on me several times with a humble voice, asking me she must
be good, I made no answer, she left her place, I made her return, as I
would double the time, she unbendently stayed. At the expiration
of the 40 minutes I called her to me and spell the word I am going
today to meet your aunt Maria, it was my intention to have taken you along
but I must please your. Do not say if you do I must then punish you
for that too. told you that you should not play in the garden, my aunt
prominent my going there, instead therefore of not taking you to play, I will not
take you to read with me. It was with difficulty her solo was established
but I appeared glibber than I did was with reluctance, spoke to her with tea
& dessert, addressed her to spend the day with her mama & son, then rushed
at left her. My day was spent, in the most useful & agreeable
manure. Our little circle were united by friend ship. We had little
hours. This is a name I never before heard of, I get his poetry
certainly entitled him to a general acquaintance.
This manifestation is harmonious, his poetry rich in original, beautiful & often
energetic imagery. His sentiments are noble & generous. All his lines breathe love
to man, & deliberate tenderness of heart. In this age it is seldom seen from
the devotee of Religion, but the writer professes the faith of a Christian, while he
deplores the human & charity of that character in a fragment called "With his friends"
are obviously republican, with regard to his political & religious principles, he
strongly resembles Smith, & tolerates both of whom are distinguished by their respect
for human rights. The modern man knows not before plausible figures, or the
conqueror's car, the King & the Victor of Lands as enemies to human happiness,
and endeavors to ambition a favor, most of the idea of cruelty, but the piece
of bottles which most pleased me was a "Monody in Henderson." It was not
the most ingenious, the effusion of genius alone, but it was not an effusion
to fame, but it was the effusion of genius impelled by sentiment, a piece entitled
to the distinguished merit of the deceased. The true affection which animated
the whole would to me have formed a sufficient recommendation but
beautiful & eloquent ideas flowed in the effect numbers. The character of
the celebrated was distinguished by the finest virtues & the brightest talents but
be left no records of them, except in the hearts of his friends. It must
have been because he never wrote that so much matter is so little known.
Saturday morning. After breakfast I brought Mary up in my room. She has
applied her clothes & put them on her drawers. Her lips on my collar & reading
was well attended to but when I asked her to spell, the feminine spirit which
took possession of her presence again appeared. The learned language, enjoyed & loved
every thing but spell. Still her dear must spell the words without hesitation or
blundering, & that every one I looked her with, or she answered about, about
at her minute. These almost an hour long, she spelled these words, at last
the teacher expressed, if I give her a spell to show between a figure on, but
would not allow her to take Hannah. Inanna Templeton & Mary and spent the
day away. The lessons were passed in a desultory & uninteresting manner either
to myself or Mary, and I was prevented paying that attention I should otherwise
have done.
Sunday. This morning before we went to church, Mary went a little
away for children & general digestions to me. I endeavored in a sensible
manure to instruct her in some of the first principles of religion
