Another, for the same purpose.
Pity the sorrows of the youthful train
Voornid to their fate, to poverty & pain.
Ivy Ignorance exposed to every art
Which leads to misery, or corrupts the heart.
But most of all, with mercy's timely aid
Practise from this doom the unprotected maid,
To every ill exposed the path she treads
To give her ignorance & her weak appeals.
These faces alone fair knowledge can subdue
And form the wretched to peace & virtue true
Knowledge to honest labour points the way
For vice & error own her potent sway.
In pity then, all bend the listening ear,
And wife from misery's cheek the trembling tear,
The tottering step of weakness handily aid,
And guide to virtuous paths the guilty maid.
New York, Sunday, April 25, 1800
For some days past the character which for a long time, I have so minutely
intensely enjoyed, has been disturbed. My spirits have been unanswerable, which
should attribute it to bodily indisposition, but in truth I cannot say this
is the only cause, I have found with all my endeavours to the contrary,
that I am still too dependent on others for my happiness. The convention
of three or four friends has thus entirely been almost the only source
of pleasure or consolation; it has been expensive & valuable; & when by
any accident it is cloven I feel lost & defeated. This might not be
the case, with my own mind & my own heart. I should lay up
stores of enjoyment, to which I could always resort when alone.
For these many months past, my thoughts have been perplexed
& doubtful, which increased by reflection, these doubts render
my understanding a blasted, my heart, I sought for truth, but in
obtaining new light, I was involved in theodoric darkness. There now
are those unshaken hopes, that humble trust, that fervent love,
which used to animate devotion! Hope, when I need, I have
no longer realise the presence of my heavenly Father, but instead
I feel surrounded by falsehoods, I feel like a felon &
unsignificant being, toying upon a tumultuous ocean, without
the night of any horizon. I doubt not indeed, the government of
God, but I feel that intimate a constant persuasion quit, which used
to persuade my mind, which connected every present event, with
the idea of divine government. Such evil, but no benefit, was
produced by the memories into which I had entered. I determined to
change the current of thought, after a few vigorous & indiscernible
succeeds. I have entered a different course of reading, in stead
of history, or controversial disquisitions, confine myself to moral
& religious subjects. I already feel the good effects of this plan.
The motto which observes my views of filantropy are drawing
away & the thrilling influence of religion, is loosened by
the returning warmth of devotion -- that has Philosopher to own,
in place of the unbroken confidence, which faith teaches us to
expect in a Providence God. There are no adversities, which true
confidence cannot outlive, no blessings, whose value it does not increase.
