After the lapse of more than three yrs, of during
which my heart was agitated by alternate hopes & fears,
conmoded by anxiety, 2 soothed by tenderness, the beloved has now
arrived, which is to unite me to the chosen friend
of my heart.— The passions of imagination are to be cast away
for realities. 2 my intellect hopes to be realized.
Let me at this interesting moment, take an impartial
view of human life, 2 let me listen to the voice of ca-
refence, which loudly declares, that human happiness
has ever been & must ever be imperfect. Let me not
then blindly 2 foolishly expect an exemption from those
ills which are the portion of man. I am entering on
new & untriedden path, let me not expect it strenuous
only with flowers, but rather prepare to encounter difficulties
& to meet with disappointments.— The change I
am about to make, is an important 2 momentous one.
New cares & new duties, as well as new pleasures lie before
me. To perform these duties, various in their nature, 2 im-
portant in their nature, is to be the future aspect of my life.
I am no longer to live for myself, the happiness & the
virtue of others is committed to my charge.—
Gracious God! at this moment do I realize that superior
intending power, I acknowledge my entire dependence on thee.
I pray not for riches or for length of days. But I pray for a cheerful
desperation to thy will, & thy grace to enable me, to devote that
life which thou hast given me, to thy glory & to the good of my fellow-
creatures.
Brunswick. September 2.8. 1800.
Writein at Petersburg July 1800
Prone to admit the ever changeful scene,
which Nature opens to the observant eye,
I tread delighted the expanse of green
or page with reptiles on the stony sky;
to trace the murmuring streams retires there,
and Switches slay its side, to leave them,
to stretch, catch the torrent distant roar,
and turning clothe with forest foliage dare.
Amid their wilds, we wind our dreary way,
and find our feet waste from human ken.
Beneath the luscious rocks an immense stream
and thoughtful man in wild entangled Glen.
Behold ye Whirling Steam in patient course!
Veak the wild tumult of the waters roar!
be, aged trees brave with inspection free,
Resistless dashed upa the rocky shore!
Succeeding ages still their waters flow,
Then who succeeding ages shall remain,
While a few years shall chill the fervent flame
When adown animates the youthful vein.
