Now innumerable are the instances I could give you, of the
lair, the misery produced by this reserve of disaffection.
How many wakeful nights have I passed, weeping, the want
of tenderness, while he, next to be disturbed by some of the
evils incident to life, would shun me with cruelty, for
not enquiring 2. participating in two dissimilarities.—
Even on the bed of sickness this reserve did not yield
place to tenderness 2. anxiety; 2. these circumstances only
increased the pain which silence inflicted. I was one
day by his bed side, I offered something which was required.
It was the manner in which this was done, that afflicted
me, this manner however is indescribable. Homage to me
the idea that my attendance was disagreeable—I might
have been mistaken, I pain, or perhaps might have been
the cause—I did not however inquire, as at that time
I had no doubt, but considered it a proof of indifference.—
I was but little in his room, I left to others those attentions,
which Society should have paid.— He never more left
that room, but there ended a life, many parts of which
might have been happy, but which were miserable.—
That sensibility which might have given birth to the finest
2 most exquisite pleasures, was, by a want of candour
2 plain dealing, changed into an instrument of torture.
The happiest life, is no exempt from moments, of lapsitude,
evenness, perfectly 2 distraction; whenever the countenance
or manners indicate either, let the friend seek for the cause,
and let confidence 2 affection, banish all distinct or
suspicion.—
Sunday, May 3d
The sermon this afternoon delivered by Mr. Hillier, was uncomplimentarily exact.
It treated of the nature of man, in a rational 2 perspicuous manner.
Tactled above every terrestrial creature, 2 but little lower than the angels.
Opposing intellectual faculties whose powers of expansion, no experience has
ever limited.— There is no man that can be known 2 man
in which the most imposing incongruities are not discovered.
But my mind is ever inclined to contemplate those intellectual powers,
2 moral qualities which approximate him to his creator, rather than
have usefulness of his moral 2 physical nature, which level him
with the brute. The first instinct evinces 2 inclines evident desire
for the requisition of excellence 2 knowledge. The latter presents
doubtless, unconquerable by human strength, 2 by yielding up alone
makes no disparit of ever moving. Indolence is material to man,
to be needs strong 2 constant incentives to activity. So present to him
a remote but important object, 2 to tell him how weakness, ignorance,
renders the attainment almost impossible, would in most
cases prevent the trial. Rather should he be encouraged, to that
real strength which increases by exercise, by a display of these powers
2 resources with which nature has endowed him.—
Another week has passed— But has basis passed? Unmarked
by any important incident, or great negligence in the path of useful labour.
—Long I have been informed, in some truths of which
I have doubted. I have gained a little more of that independence
which elevates our peace above the little incidents of the day, or the
influence of others. Have in several instances conquered that restless
2 restlessness, produced by disappointment.— But still have
I suffered, from this dependance on others, 2 unable to find enjoyment
within myself, or from books, have been forced to reflect
on others.— But aloof, that which I most lament, is the coldness
of my heart, 2 that once more, it might realize the goodness of its God, 2 might rise to him in aspirations of gratitude!
