I every thing was enjoyed, whether the knowledge of new ideas
packets, or the contemplation of new science. I shall ever remember
with peculiar satisfaction my daily walks among fine
& shady, the old flowers & wild fruits on which the
new paths are diverted. The scenes we admired, etc., etc., are
recalled as so many pleasures. The natural
communicativeness of my temper, prevented that none
which the superficiality of our distinctions would otherwise have produced. There was but one subject on which
we could not talk freely & that was religion.
During the last 5 years of my life, my mind has been
undergoing a gradual change. At the moment when
when my religious zeal was most ardent, & my devotion
was most enthusiastic, one tenant was a shaming blot
to my faith, this was, the eternal damnation of all those
who did not believe Christ to be the Son of God & his
death the only mode of salvation. By this time, I had
become tolerably convenient with history & the general
knowledge I had of the state of mankind in different
ages & in different countries, taught one how few nations
had ever acknowledged the Christian Religion, & by these
few, how few were the individuals who believed. Yet
many of these nations had as pure morality & more
or virtues & happiness as those about them, & how
could not believe, that an omnipotent & infinitely
merciful being, could ever confine to a few in
dividuals of the human race, that human help which
was necessary for their eternal happiness; since he had
bestowed so liberally & so equally on all, whatever was
necessary for the comfort of their present short existence.
This point being settled, I have now to other doubts & the more
I became acquainted with the history of mankind, or the
more my acquaintance with the present state of society was
enlarged, the more strength did my doubts acquire. But
the warmth of my heart still preserved the sacred flame
of Johnson & the prejudices of education made me consider
my doubts as crimes. In vain I struggled once more implacably
to believe what I had been taught & when I could not succeed
fond to suppress the wanderings of my mind, to destroy my
excer desires after knowledge & to give up my inquiries.
But the more I read & the more I thought the more I became
of investigating this interesting subject. After many
fears of spending God by such enquiries, many resolutions
at last ventured. I sought with avidity every book written
in defence of the Christian religion & avoided with equal care
every one written against it. One of the first books was
a history of the church from its first foundation, it
was written by Westley, a warm defender of the cause, but
what science did it afford! Even in the time of the Church
the different sects agree, who from the same book
formed different systems. Truth must be uniform,
must be simple, must be invariably the same. But
here I behold only contradictions, doctrines totally opposite
supported by texts equally conclusive on both sides.
Are parties were equally enlightened, equally sincere,
but they could not be right. This I never have been
able to decide. Meanwhile the history of the church
becomes a history of persecutions & contention & ambition
finds a revenge seemed to amaleate each party.
What a revolution did these few volumes produce in
my mind. It completely undermined my faith in the whole
