each habits of mind, many would contemptuously interrupt it by her fretful
speech. The meeting commenced with a most cheerful & happy disposition
which I trust will continue with me.
Montgomery B. Baggsel - How few of my days elapse without producing
some new cause of gratitude. The affectionate attention & liberality
of my kind brother Daniel has added another to the many
delegations which already bind me to him. Never surely had
any one better friends than I am favoured with. May I
realize the value of my present blessings, & derive all the
advantages & pleasures they are capable of yielding. But especially
may I cultivate pure faith & fervent piety. How is the time
to lay a firm foundation & to raise a bulwark that may
rent the attack of any own passions or of the enmity of the
world? On thee alone my God, I trust for preservation
from these free experience has taught me the weakness of
my own strength, the instability of my best resolves. By
the influences of thine holy spirit, purify my heart, that its
affections may not become treason to my nearest interests, let
them not delude or blind my reason, but may the
affections of my heart & the powers of my mind unite
in cherishing & preserving my religious principles.
October 20. 99-
I have had a solitary, but delightful walk. The late cold weather has greatly
changed the appearance of the country & the verdure of every tree & the
rich coloring of autumn have changed for myself how. The after
noon was cool but clear. I had walked in the valley of a stream,
the following lines occurred. Thanks to a kind Providence, the actual
they desire is imaginary, suggested by the scenery & not by my own
feelings.-
That thou not even some rude & desert coast,
Or bare and waveless tribes upon the rugged rocks,
Where never end or expand where ever the green leaves
Whithering on the blast, the unpolying rock and valley?
That thou had seen more state
So chill so dreary, so solemn am I.
The kindly, gleam of friendship sheds its rays.
The gentle warmth of love has long expired
And with it dies artifice, its tender flowers
Werde my stream of life no longer bloom
But miffed by disappointment freezing blast
Die withered on the ground.
