illness he was sober, honest & industrious. — Thus loaded with
the marks of that kindness, which their honest & honesty
had gained them, they left this county & went again
restored to their native home & to their relations.—
After such an example let not honest poverty ever disappear.
Poverty is as generally the offspring of vice, that it is not
to be wondered at, that many are backward in relieving
its miseries; but I am persuaded that when it is the result
of misfortune of sedition, there is no place, in which many
hearts will not be open to sympathy & man hearts united
out to relieve & support the sufferers. But how is every
attempted to raise the spirits of the distressed, how is
every hope entertained by the influence of religion? However
difficult & thorny the path may be, we are doomed to tread
it, it leads but to the home of all our joys, we ourselves
are difficult, we cheerfully tread the thorny beneath our
bleeding feet, & persevere to the end of that journey, which tends
to happiness— let us then ever remember that our guide,
that firm support, that healing balm, that cheering light,
which Religion affords to weary travellers along the road of life
May 26.
The more intimately we are acquainted with the history of men, the more apparent
appears the distribution of happiness, learning, genius, fame, power & wealth.
This desired & reverenced by mankind, cannot confer happiness on the recipient.
There is an art in being happy, which the poor & the humble, & sometimes
the rich, with excuse, & which the wise & the wealthy can never acquire.
In reading the works of Johnson, who, would not believe that his strength
of mind, might contrive & devise to own power, that his religious faith
would have raised him above the little idea of life, & have illuminated
all its gloomy scenes! that his extensive stores of knowledge, would
not have afforded him ample means of diversifying all his hours?
Yet, he was a melancholy, depressed being, frequently discontented
with life & yet afraid of death— Hope was often a burden, yet he
struggled with honor from the moment that he could not live from it.
The loss of a beloved wife, broke the dearest tie which held
him to the world, & he had to seek among strangers, that society
which he could not find at home. Friends, companions, & fame
were left him, but a melancholy disposition & diseased body, allowed
him not their enjoyment.—
Lemmanson, with more than Johnson's advantages was not much
happier. I have just finished a short but interesting sketch of his
life. He had all the desirable ages of education, which the most liberal
plant & the best teachers could afford him. He was distinguished at
the university by his audacious zeal in study. After he left it, he pursued
his studies with such intensity, that he improved his health, a
blessing which in after life was necessarily restored to him.
He married a woman of distinguished excellence & character, who
made him the father of a daughter & son. He was affluent, beloved
& respected & admired. The town in which he lived, afforded
him all the advantages of various extensive society, & his mind
not possessing a full scope for its powers, preyed upon itself.
