Religion every day became a more interesting & important concern.
It confirmed my thoughts & strengthened coloured most of my employ-
ments. In addition to a portion of the new testament, I every
morning read a sermon of Blair. I believed in almost
all I was taught & having no disputes on this subject, my en-
durance was to magnilate my life, my temper & reflections, by the
principles from which they sprang. These principles were enlarged & confirmed
by Blair. There was however one suggestion which rose
at this time in my mind, which was an opposition to
the religious tenets I had been taught. This was the Trinity,
it was not the effect of reasoning or enquiry. But!
recollect, when ever in my prayers, I addressed the deity,
according to the form I had been taught, addressed thus
as God, an involuntary temptation arose, & the fear of Blairs
phemy, at last made me omit it. I felt more than I
reasoned on the impossibility of this union & from a sense
of neglect I capitulated on my part. I experienced but little
unhappiness. Many affectations had been entirely withdrawn from
the effect before mentioned I were now exclusively engaged
by religion. I must again respect that the affection of man
thus exercised, yielded him a pure happiness than which
existed any other way. In the September of this year, they either
sever appeared in New York & many families from there, sought
for safety here. Among others, was that of Mrs. Beechey. I talked
on them the evening after their arrival. The room was fully
company & I was only acquainted with two of the young ladies.
The countenance of one of their brothers pleased me; when I
came away he accompanied me home. A mutually favorable
impression instantly took place. After that, scarcely a day
of the six weeks he was here, some part of which was not passed with
me, & in the evenings, he was my uniform companion. I discovered
in him more taste, more improvement of mind, than with any
other young man I had ever known. He often walked with me,
& when we walked would repeat whole passages of poetry.
In the morning, he would read to me, & I recollect with pleasure
these mornings, on which he read to me, the first ed. of Ben-
jamin Disraeli's Travels, La Rochef, & some of the essays & disquisitions
of James Fenning. He was an intolerable, & most warmly would
he inestortate on this subject. Whenever I could, I turned the
conversation into this channel. If ever I am converted said he
one evening it will be by you Benjamin! I exerted all my
seable powers to this end. I prayed with fervour, that he
might be led into the only path to eternal happiness.
Two evenings, in this period, I recollect with peculiar satisfaction.
The evening was mild, the moon alone with unusual
brightness, & we walked up the Stanton. When we returned
we sat down on the steps before the door & our eyes were
rained to the star covered sky, & he repeated
"ye Celestials of light, & perhaps my future home,
"From whence the soul, revelling hands first,
"Darts back with recollections ten times deep
"On all the luxuries she left below, as on some
"hand I doating tale of infancy."
With other, appropriate & beautiful passages from the same
poem. The other evening which has left so vivid an impression
on my memory, was on a sunday. The had walked home
with me from church, the afternoon was cold & blister-
ing. It read me a sermon of Blair. ( Sister at this
time was confined, so that we were generally alone) As the
evening drew on, a bright fine was kindled on the hearth
