let him dispose of the body as he will, but let him not mention
ourselves, as if it were a private affair. The day of the duel he retired
into an adjoining apartment to bathe; his friends mean time
enthusiastic to one another their grief at the prospect of losing a
brilliant scholar, & being left to pass the rest of their days in
the solitary state of dishonor. After a short interval, Duncan, who
had given some necessary instructions to his family, left his last
trace of his children, the attendant informed him that the time
for finishing the tomblock had arrived. The executioner thus accustomed
to such scenes, shed tears when he presented the fatal club, Duncan
received it without a change of countenance or the least appearance
of perturbation, then offered up a prayer to the God, that He
would grant him a prosperous passage into the miserable world
with perfect compassion, well aware of the furious struggle, the
friends around him burst into tears, Scotland alone remained
unmoved. He continued walking till he felt the influence of
the tomblock obliged him to lie down upon his bed, after
a short silence he requested to be put into a coffin which
he had brought to Escadafaoar, then covering himself with his cloak
he expired.
This was the fate of the virtuous in Wales.
A story says Hero which I never need without tears.
This is an abridgement of the life of Scotts as written by
Enfield.
The power of Elegance
The direction of the academy after the death of Democrats, declined upon
Colomo, an attempt of detention, who in his youth had been addicted to
irreverent pleasure. The manner in which he was returned from his
hieratical course of life & brought under the discipline of philosophy
affords a memorable example of the power of elegance when it is em-
ployed in the cause of virtue. As he was one morning about the
rising of the sun returning home from the needle of the night, clad
in a loose robe crowded with flowers strongly perfumed & inextricably
talked with wine, he passed by the school of Democrats & saw him
surrounded with his scholars, unable to resist so seductive an appearance
of indulgence his positive humour, he rushed without ceremony
into the school & took the place among the philosophers, the whole
company were astonished at this mode of indirect salutation &
all but Democrats discovered signs of resentment. Democrats however
preserved a perfect command of his countenance, & with great
presence of mind turned the discourse from the subject on which
he was treating to the topic of temperance & modesty, which he
recommended with such strength of argument & energy of
language that Colomo was constrained to yield to the force of
conviction. Instead of turning the philosopher & his doctrine
into ridicule as he first intended he became sensible of
the folly of his conduct.
