Inhaling from both, a public constitution & a body subject to disease,
the culture of his mind was forgotten, in attention to his health. An
steady plan of education was furnished, his teachers often varied;
his place of abode perpetually changing, in search of health; what
nature requires he naturally must his own mind have preferred to remain
uninjured by neglect. He was particularly indebted to his aunt Mrs
Parker, not only for the care of her little fame, but for her attention
to her improvement. His gratitude & attachment to this woman
display his character in a most amiable light. "Four 2 languages"
(says he) "were often neither by the voice of instruction & amuse me;
"and to her kind lessons I associate my early & memorable reading,
"which I would not exchange for the treasures of India."
The twelfth year of his life, he spent with this lady. He had an unrea-
-strained & free access to a library, where his reading was prompt
-comes & deliberate; but from whence he gleaned much useful
knowledge; sufficient to make him note it as the most important
of his life, to the growth of his intellectual stature.
In the fifteenth year he was placed at Oxford; his establishment
here afforded him the means of gratifying his passion for books,
particularly for history, which early fixed his preferences. Here
however, from the want of discipline, his education was neglected
as ever, even fond of religious disputation, he here entered the danger-
-ous labyrinth of calumny, was soon connected to popery. He
attained his conversion to the words of respect, obedient, & conceptions,
on his feelings, he became an enthusiastic Catholic, turning above
the fear of any temporal danger, he boldly professed his faith,
& was admitted to communion with the church. This unusual
however alarmed on him, the gales of Oxford. After many
debates, his father, at last determined on sending him to Lausanne,
& there placing him under the care of a protestant clergyman.
In a strange country, where language I did not understand, surrounded
by absolute strangers, his education at first was otherwise, but time soon
reconciled them to it, & it ultimately proved the most fortunate
event of his life. He became perfect master of the French language.
He read with care & system, & closed his mind with solid
but universal knowledge. During his residence at Lausanne, he
formed an attachment to a young man, which continued
his life. The friendship for Boyerden, is a proof of the strength
& warmth of his affection, & is throughout his life, one of the
most interesting & prominent traits of character. The mild instruction
of Cavillard, the course of reading, but more than all, his own reflections,
reclaimed T.B. from the errors of infancy. With his natural candor
he publicly disclaimed them, & joined in communion with the
catholic church, here for a long time he rested without any
doubts to disturb his faith. But he afterwards doubted & declined
it was here too, that his heart first admitted the sentiment of love.
The uncommon merits of Susan Church, afterwards Madame Hector
gained his esteem & love. But the students of the Ion triumphed
over the opinion of the Church. After his return to England, he
gave up all professions to his metaphysic conflict with the
will of his father. After five years, judiciously & unremissibly
devoted to study, he returned to England with a fixed taste
for literary pursuits, & a not abode of knowledge. During the
interval of his settlement at home, & his return to Lausanne, a period
of 25 yrs his life was ranted by the duties of military, political,
& literary pursuits. The last only, was the dictate of inclination;
it is in that only he gained distinction. The death of his father
gave him independence & freedom. He removed from the coun-
try to London, where he formed an extensive acquaintance
with the most noted distinguished characters of the age, & a leader
& testing friendship with Lord Sheffield.
