his business kept him almost the whole day from home, at
the approach of evening, I would turn my little fire, prepare
the tea-table to wait with impatience the return of my
husband, whom I imagined, glad of a release from labour, would
enter with an smiling face, embrace me with tenderness to
say how safely he was.— But how different from this, he
entered, & throwing himself on a chair, was grave & silent.
Mortified, I disapponted, I understood the cause of this silence
but poured out his tea, & handed it to him, with a face
on which discontent and loyert. Thus passed the
evening in mutual tho silent suffering. You, Margaret,
instead of waiting the salutation of your husband, would
have opened the door, flown to him with a joy anticipatd
courtenance, & when you perceived the gloom of his, would
have sought the cause; affected & pleased by your
tender interest, he would have explained to you, any
disappointment or disturbance he had met with, would
have said that he was meant to oppressed with a
burden, & displeasure at the injustice he had met with.
You would have supported his head upon your bosom,
you would have made him forget the evils of society;
in the pleasures of domestic hours. Your sympathitously
tenderness, having banished his anguish, his cheerfulness
would have returned & your hours would have passed
in all the delight of reconstituted affection.— But
how different was the effect my conduct produced.
Tired, & disgusted, my husband had dismissed himself
that on his return home, the glad welcome, of a tender
wife, would have compensated for all he had suffered; but in
stead of this, he perceived only silence & melancholy; he understood
his own feelings were obvious, yet they passed unnoticed. This
feeling he concluded, was of too little importance to interest
his wife. Offended by such apparent indifference, he was cold
& distant in his manner, thus increasing that gloom, of
which first displease him.— Had either of us made those
engines without which neither of us would speak, or had we
rudely armed our supporters of indifference, the evil would
have been immediately remedied.— This is not an account
of one evening only, but of almost all. Each day declined
increased, I remained the possiblity of an explanation. This
revenue was carried to the minutest concern.— I remember one
day, he brought from Market, a bottle of which he was very
fond, I ordered it disposed in a particular manner. Because
of pleasing him I attended to it myself. I thought I should
have been amply rewarded for this little trouble, by his
satisfaction. When it came on table, I watched him, eagerly
to hear him praise it I thank me for my attention. He tasted
it, & then without saying a word pushed it from him.—
You will perhaps smile when I tell you, that my grief filled
with tears & I was so shocked with emotion that I could
not articulate a word. Had I expressed regret, at its not
pleasing him, it would in a moment have weakened his
good humour. But my silence during the whole meal, the
attentiveness to all things & displeasure.— How you Margaret,
would have laughed, rallied him on being so difficult to
be pleased, assured him you had done your best, I know
not that for you would have been better meat time.— He would
have thanked you for your endeavours, & your good hu-
mour would have made him forget his disappointment.—
