punish an innocent & virtuous being for the offences of a
sinning fellow-creature, I might pity the offender, should I
think it just that he should suffer for his crimes. I am
sure he is a wicked & depraved, as we are represented, of
many such constant transgressors of the universal will of God, are
always ready to suffer. When I behold the wickedness of men,
both in my reason & feelings acknowledge that human
government should be inflicted; but both equally revolt from
the idea, of an excellent & meritorious character enduring
those torrents, or only should suffer; while a worthy
Christian is rewarded by eternal & perfect happiness! Can
this be? Yet, has not the Creator wrought to dispense of
the creatures of his will? And if in this way he, the Creator
to give me eternal happiness, if it is in this way only,
would it not be the height of folly to reject the offer of
pleasing. If I believe this, how could I act on my ideas of
Christ the infinite benevolence of Christ, who for the sake
of rebellious & ingratiatory creatures, should voluntarily suffer.
Blessed Jesus! it seems to me, that rather than so be
revolent & holy should endure unmerited torture, I would
prefer bearing the just punishment of my own guilt. Surely
it cannot be necessary for me to believe this in order to perform
these duties which make me acceptable to my God.
But let me not because I cannot understand or believe
certain doctrines, let me not neglect the whole of the
Christian system. It contains principles to which my reason
speaks, & in which my heart rejoices. That if a future
state of existence, for which this life is merely preparatory,
the government & providence of God, & the effects of our
conduct here, on our destiny hereafter. These are invaluable
doctrines!
Let me frequently meditate on that future state; let me
amidst all the misfortunes of this life, reflect on the wisdom of that
power by whom my destiny is wrought, let me always realize
that I am surrounded by the divine presence, & that every thought
is known to, & judged by him. While engaged in the busy scenes
of this life, let me remember that it is but the commencement
of my existence; but the threshold to another world.
Regret not Margaret your open & communicative disposition and
my friend, it may procure you much happiness, & will secure you
from those misgivings which have been my portion. The man
whom you have chosen for the companion of your life, is
reserved & silent, he feels, but tells not what he feels. Believe
me that to the security of matrimonial felicity, no quality
is more necessary, than candour. All shrewdness, all digression,
produces suspicion & distrust. The more exquisite the sensibility,
the more tender the attachments, the more poignant the pain
inflicted by sacrifice or distress -- let my example teach
you the necessity of candour & confidence. My husband
was a man of strong words, understanding, a reflective mind,
& tender heart. He was reserved in his disposition & seldom
communicated either his fears or his pleasure, without enquiry.
Particularly the first, & the most acute mental or bodily suffer
-- my would he endured in silence, if not humbled by enquiry
& attention. Yet to few persons, were ever the soothing of
tenderness, more acceptable, & there were few whose happiness
was more dependent, on the attentions of satisfaction. Just
this was my disposition. Delighting in the sympathies of
love, yet so with held from ever seeking them, by an unconquerable
difference of resume.
