night when I ne off the ten account of last hour, I was at
the moment of caution, called to family prayers. I could not
with draw my thoughts from this scene I looked all the time
I was on my knees. I finished what a house where situated, the
"life of Madame Montenon", the letters of Vergne "Letters of Junius
to St Everard". These I devoured with eagerness, from curiosity
however & not admiration, for I met in these details little
that I approved, I have too faint a recollection however to
tell the reasons which excited with regard to Junius letters, which
I remember appeared to me more the effusions of love or
gallantry, than of maternal affection & it occurred to me
at the time, that I made no doubt she used to show them
to her friends. I met with Eloisa, & rather the two last
notes. This had been in a book, which had been forbidden
me & I had heard it spoken of as highly pernicious. I
am almost ashamed to say, this was the very reason I loved
it, I wanted to find out what it could contain, which
every one disapproved of. After a few letters which appeared
to me very tiresome 2 day, I should have thrown it aside,
had not curiosity made me persevere, as I was determined
to find out what was in it. As I now remember of the
improvison it then made, was that it confirmed my religious
belief, animated my devotion, & though I die, thought I, such
die like Eloisa. But it was in vain I sought it for the last
note, for as I understood I approved, & so much was I
placed with her conduct as a mother & mistress of a family
that I wrote to my sister, begging her to read it & sometime
after my return home I preserved it for her. I have since
read it with increased pleasure & approbation & when I am
in a situation to imitate her virtues, in many things, she stands
in my model.
It was in my little parlor, I read & wrote, & the pleasurable sensations
which its recollection produces, must I think arise from the
new ideas I there acquired, & the freedom with which I used in
my letters to describe any incident that occurred & any feelings. This
I imagine must be the cause why I have preserved such a perfect
remembrance of the 8 months I spent there. In this period I used
& abounded entirely in letters & go of paper. I often recollect spending
the whole day in writing, I frequently, accompanied by
mysteries, used to ride on horse back, & on evening a little
while before the sun sunk beneath the mountain, I used always
to walk, with a book in my pocket, this however I seldom used,
as the noises around, generally had power to fix every thought.
Often had I read of the rapline of gazing on some sublime
& beautiful object, the delay but of listening to the murmuring
of water, the breathing of a torrent, or the rustling of the woods.
But never till now did I experience it. I shut out from every
other intention, alone in the world, enveloped in the woods,
silence & solitude uninterrupted, I have passed in the sitting
sun, or on the landscape, its last rays illuminated, with emotions
of delight, which till then were never known. I cannot describe
these sensations, but at times, as my heart had swelled
almost to the bursting of its power, & tears & sighs only relieve
this of profuse feeling. At other, I would scarcely walk, but felt
as if I should bound from the earth. 2. I hung to other regions.
But tenderness, sadness & tears were generally the effect
of these contemplations. -- one day I had followed a road which
wound round the mountain, the woods was thick on each
side, I could see but a few yards, when the road leading down
a hill opened on a small valley surrounded by wood clothed
hills. The noise of a torrent struck upon my ear, & I had not
gone far, when I saw the white foam rolling down the rocks,
& after this falling in the vale below & flowing gently along.
