"Who is the man that is working in the yard brother? I like
"his maintenance very much." He is a clever, industrious fellow," neither
my brother, he is an Englishman, I seem quite alone here at last.
"He tells me he has a large family, whom he finds it very difficult
"to support." And now the winter is coming on, I shall see how he will
"provide for them; as he understands nothing but out of doors work."
I came to leave the town, in the course of a few days; but determined
"to know more of this family before I went. It was a cloudy eve
"night of November, when I began my walk; the road was muddy,
"I was almost tempted to turn back; but I stretched myself by
"saying, when by hearing told I will go for half an hour, I shall be
"able to comfort a whole family, shall I continue, aloft four people
"you suffer cold 2 hunger 2 days together when I stop
"at the door, I declare about entering, what should I say, how
"excuse my entrance? How offer assistance, when ignorant of their
"wants? At last I mounted the steps, I knocked softly at the door,
"I was bid to come in. By the side of an imposing fire there was
"a woman, whose appearance formed a striking contrast
"with every thing around her. The chimney extended across the
"room; on the hearth a few chickens were turning; her arms were
"crossed on her knees, she remained her head from them as I entered,
"she blushed, but for a moment did not speak. "Will you be
"so good as to give me a drink of water and I, I certainly should
"ask you out down, handing me a broken chair I did a while she
"was washing a calf, I looked round the room, it was blackened
"by smoke; an old candle was in the middle of the room, in which
"an infant lay, covered with rags; two other children were playing
"on the floor, 2 a pretty looking boy was chasing wood in the yard.
"Mrs. R.... was late 2 thin, she stopped very much, I never have
"thought from her countenance that she was bent by the weight
"of the earth.
"your spring affords you excellent water, and I, returning the gift to your
"house is pleasantly situated for summer, but I fear it will be very
"cold in winter?" "You madam, I fear so too, 2 your winters are much
"harder to bear than ours in England." You have passed a winter in
"this country, then? Yes, we lived in New York after some general
"engines have to go, 2 as school hands with her at the door, looked
"a little in to see. After an absence of six months, I again
"returned home 2 one of my first visits was to this house. I found
"it 2 saw a robust coarse looking woman sitting at her wheel.
"Does Mrs. R.... like this? About how long have you said she
"have been here?" "How should I know, indeed I can't tell, I saw
"nobody's business but my own." "Are these children yours?"
"to become whose else should they be? good morning mama, goodness said
"she -- That nobody's thought I, even now she in doubt I fear
"I should not find any pleasure in relieving her -- But this is
"the case with all our poor people, this is the effect of our equality,
"well, surely this order is preferable to servility -- Some days
"afterwards, as I was walking, I looked a house at the window of
"which I recognised Mrs. R.... I stopped, but having no cause to reason
"for entering, I was passing by, when she came to the door and asked
"me to walk in. Every thing looked more comfortable, 2 the short
"interval of the season prevailed over the modes of poverty. I remarked
"how she had passed the winter I found all the family had suffered
"from the cold. Sealed every now 2 then, to meet her husband
"at first, the severity spoke to me, 2 seemed mitigated at my know
"ing they were poor "I am used to flinging, said her day to me, 2
"in this season can get quite enough water to support my family
"very comfortbly" but I often, feel angry when I am working for
"your turn gentleman, for they not only direct me about what they
"know nothing about, but find fault with what I have done, when
"I am sure it is right! I liked the pleasure of his speech, which
"blossomed an independent mind, anything to the wealth or
"rank of others. He seemed glad to converse with me, but
