my affection 2 my friends were indignately wounded. Three days
were past, marked by new mortifications 2 new proofs of
her indifference; they were the first days of unhappiness
I had ever known. This channel closed, my tenderness undeniably flawed, in that before described, I am used to concealment
I lead away from the older paths of tenderness, I am omitted
2 more and imperfections, I was assured Andouillet; but this
was afterwards to learn, for me, my company was sought by
those who too guilty on account of my conduct, every evening
was passed from home 2 my friends became sincerely distressed
for the levity 2 impertinency of my conduct. In November
my sister was married 2 I went to live with her. She insisted
on my staying more at home, 2 I wish, never let any fault
escape the lash of censure, or ridicule. From every quarter
I heard the same ventrages on my conduct, 2 discovered
that the I amused many, I was loved by few 2 neglected
by none. Sent, attributed all my errors to the novels I read.
I loved for too well to read them, when she found it.
So, day escaped without reproach from critics, the correction
of ridicule from critics, 2 of disapprobation from others. Thus
blinded, mortified 2 unhappily, I have passed hours in mourning
over my faults, 2 the ingratitude, as I supposed, of others.
Winter afforded me few opportunities of seeing the object of
my affection 2 his attention to another, made me believe
myself deserted 2 gave the last stroke to my heart 2 which
fatalness I expressed with the world, surrounded in affection,
where I could I should for comfort. What wretched heart did
I spend! How often have I traversed my room at night, 2
what title was sick. But my mind was too strong 2
too elastic to be long dispirited, 2 my heart too tender to be
long vain without an object. Disaffronted in this world, my heart
naturally fixed its affection on another. My greatest pleasure,
now, was to relate to my own room, 2 on my knees to pour out
my soul 2 my heart before my God. Most of my thoughts 2
feelings now fixed on this subject. I read the gospels, with
attentive delight; the life of Jesus Christ, called forth all
my compassionate 2 tender feelings, his character commands
my respect 2 admiration. If all the sentiments of which
the human heart is susceptible, that of devotion is the
most capable of full expressing 2 satisfying it, give the
imagination needs, restraint, for its most vigorous flights
can never soar to the perfection of duty. Here no fear
damns the ardour of hope, for our love to the Creator, can
never equal his towards us. Add to this that elevation
2 sublimity of soul, which is inspired by the contemplation
of Divine goodness, 2 that certainty of divine protection, which
leads to unbounded confidence, 2 I believe it will be added
that religion, alone cannot fully satisfy the heart of man:
is this sufficient for such an inability it was), did I guide my whole
soul. In addition to the scriptures, I pray morning and eve of blessed
hours. These excellent discourses, are chiefly on moral, practical
topics 2 were at the service of the highest utility. However!
might accuse my acquaintance of injustice, I could not be indebted
to the admonitions of my friends, besides I felt strongly, that
desire so common to all, of being well thought of. All these causes
combining, I desired, resolutely to control my faults, 2 to cultivate
virtue. I read Mason on self Knowledge, this was an excellent
guide 2 best, in purpose should understand. In this book
self examination is much insisted on, 2 the endeavour
of always discovering the motive of every action. I followed
most of the advice the book contained, 2 that ever
