Madam Picket, passed many hours with us, in the
most social & friendly intercourse; she generally brought
her with a sat the table morning with us. The better
I knew her, the more worthy did she appear of esteem.
With young, she has a mind highly cultivated by
knowledge of general literature & the elements of
science; she is possessed of many accomplishments,
& has a most superior talent for conversation. But
her most attractive qualities are the tenderness of her
heart, her candid & benevolent disposition, the ardent
variety of her affections, her sensible & generous manners.
These it is which gain her the love of all to
whom she is known. Her talents & fine understanding
attract profound admiration & respect, but her virtues
find a way to the heart. If at the women
when I knew her best, she was the only one
of them I found a superior taste, a disposition
for domestic & literary pleasure. In her conversation
I found the utmost pleasure & in her human sympathy
& interest. With every very distinct feeling
of her office, & with every involved in a course of gay company,
she on the contrary found in respectability
she united me very often & an intimacy duly
increased in Bender Mason Picket, among all
the people who united us, I found no one whom
society gave me any satisfaction except that of Mason
St. Germaine, an elderly French gentleman, distinguished
equally by his misfortunes, his talents & his virtues.
In this excellent & unfortunate man I found an intimate
interesting & entertaining companion.
He had lived in various countries, passed through various
situ in which he had gained a knowledge of many
manner in addition to his knowledge of the arts &
science. He was grave, & distinguished in his deportment,
despised in his disposition, & the other received in
promiscuous company, he was comminative to his
friends. He was fond of poetry, recited in drawing,
he had that turn of sentiment & morals, which
calculated him to be a friend to every one sex.
While I looked up to him as to a father, I felt
towards him to tender confidence of a friend. Never
had he left me without my having gained some
instruction, & he sympathized & united to his distinguished
all my concerns, inquired the most appropriate occasion,
he always yielded no once or twice a week, in the
menage he passed with us, are among the most
agreeable of any passed in this place. On other
citizens consisted chiefly of members of Congress, Many
of them eminent talents, but few who took up in-
terest in any thing but politics.
In March 1802, by notice left by
never have I felt such fatal disappointment
after the departure of my dear Sister, every
room every seat reminded me of her, the little Cabin
