Saturday night, March 1st. — I have spent the whole of this day alone.
My thoughts have flowed student to my will. I have some general views
of the nature of religion, & the doubts which many points, albeit doubt
destroyed my confidence in others, the principle supported hope in the
favour of God, I diffused a severe carefulness through my mind.
The nature of God. On that I rested, persuaded that intentional
evil was alone the object of displeasure. That the doubts which
obtruded into my mind, were not voluntary, & that investigation
when prompted by the love of truth, must be mentioned instead
of criminal. Reason was the gift of my Creator, & was one of
those talents, for which I should have to render an account.
I endeavoured sincerely, to avoid the influence of opinion of
others, to avoid the influence of my own affections or desires, but
to try to apportion the truth, & to enthrail it, whatever sacrifice
it might cost me. When I thought of the open profession, I am
tomorrow to make, of my religion, I hesitated, as the articles of
faith enumerated by the ministers, were not such as I
acknowledged. But when I reflected, that the opinion of every
individual must be different, according to the different significations they annexed to words, & according to the view they had
of the institution, I found it was in vain to seek conformity
to the mood of administration, but that I must read & judge
for myself; — In obedience then to the command of Jesus Christ
& in commemoration of his death, I shall tomorrow join in
communion with the church.
O God, my heart rests on thee, with all the confidence of Hope.
I may err, but I desire to know & do the right. Enlighten the
darkness of my mind. I am the creature of thy hand.
Thou hast made me, Thou hast determined the purpose of my
creation. In thy hands I leave my destiny. Better they will be done
New York, March 9, 1800.
Now little instruction or profit from my light & occasional reading; but as my
situation is such, as favorable adherence to any system I must content my
self with these gleanings. Every day increases the wisdom of my desire for knowledge, yet every day remains present some new obstacle to that qualification.
I have ever considered a taste for reading, as a blessing; as a talisman
that would give value to every hour, & open a source of the finest pleasure
in every situation. Few, are ever out of the reach of books, & a hungry
mind & a strong inclination in its choice, can always find something to satisfy
its appetite. Now an immense & solitary, would have been many parts of my
life, had it not been for the society of books. It would seem that even
present a taste so useful a pursuit, would be a friend in every
situation; I have not found this always the case; indeed I have
never lived in any family, in which my attachment to the society
of the dead, has not in some degree alternated from me, The affections of the living. The intercourse I desired with books instead of
domestic employment, amusements, or conversation has been thought
inadequate of an universal disposition, or an avowal of selfishness
to trifling which amuse others. Independent as I am on the affection
of my friends for happiness, I have generally refrained my inclination
to conformity to their wishes. Such is my present situation.
The few moments I steal from the family, are not sufficient
for the sensual of many volumes; or even any that require much
application of the mind. I read as chance directs, or at the recommendation of
Mr Johnston that I have been induced to read the memoirs
of Edward Gibbon. This volume seems to have enlarged my knowledge,
of men, as well as portrayed the character of an individual.
The life of Edward Gibbon, is however, more that of the student
than the man. The progress of his mind, in the acquisition
of knowledge, the manner in which he studied, are detailed
in an accurate & interesting manner.
