That the whole winter I was almost constantly alone, immedi-
ately after breakfast this morning commenced business & I seldom
saw him until 4 or 5 o'clock, when after taking a hearty
meal, he again left me until the day had closed. The
short twilight of winter, was the only moment the paper
in conversation & those generally found them occupied with business.
But never has the fatigue or fatigue of business had power to alter the unalterable
sweetness of his temper & melancholy & tenderness of his manner.
Never for one moment has he affected displeasure or indifference towards his happy wife & now even I hear
any accents but those of affection. When candles were brought in, I made them, this was a favourite & refreshing
meal to any dear husband & stable peculiar pleasure in always rendering it agreeable & comfortable. The
moment it was over, business was recommenced & I was again left to solitude. Tend of the pleasure of society
had to those of conversation, this continual silence & loneliness, had an unfortunate effect on my mind.
Instead of praying, an indiscriment to read, to write or to paint, it took from my mind all activity & produced
an almost lethargic state. I saw many people, but I found no friends, no one individual with whom my
mind could hold intercourse, or my heart sympathise. We were visited by all the respectable families of
the City & received much more attention than from our situation we had a right to expect;
these attentions gratified but did not interest as a Mrs Bells family, is the only one with whom
I have associated in that free & friendly manner, which constitutes paternal a lasting satisfaction. Most of the Republicans, many
of the other members of congress, constantly visited us, but the many of them might be said politicians, I did not find one
with whom I could have an agreeable companion. Thus passed the winter.
My heart was satisfied with its fulness of a position, but in every other respect I left that in the hands with little self-
protection. Numbers of papers, the most important correspondence, the most important news of the day, were
arranged in my hands, and I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them.
I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them.
I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. This was the
whole winter. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them.
the associated in that free & friendly manner, which constitutes paternal a lasting satisfaction. Most of the Republicans, many
of other members of congress, constantly visited us, but the many of them might be said politicians, I did not find one
whom I could have an agreeable companion. Thus passed the winter.
My heart was satisfied with its fulness of a position, But in every other respect I left that in the hands with little self-
protection. Numbers of papers, the most important correspondence. The most important news of the day, were
arranged in my hands, and I was left to read them. I was arranged in my hands, and I was left to read them. I was
left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them. I was
left to read them. I was left to read them. I was left, to read them. I was left to read them. I was left to read them.
I was left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them.
I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. This was the
whole winter. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read
them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am
left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am
left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I am left to read them. I have been more industrious
& far more happy. With her I could talk of my cares & pleasures, my plans & future prospects & articles of
faith, I found my mind grow more active & I took once more a pleasure in reading. I was now happy too, in knowing
her so contented & cheerful. Every thing here was new to her
