was heartily ashamed of the contemptible figure which he
made in respectable an assembly, took his pistol and
from his hand, covered his naked arm with his cloak, and said
a polite and thoughtful address in short received from that
hour to relinquish his licentious pleasures in devote humility
to the pursuit of wisdom. This was the young man by the
powerful energy of truth eloquence, in an instant converted
from an infamous libertinism to a respectable philosopher,
and afterwards became distinguished for his strictly
strict adherence to virtue. —
Plato was of illustrious birth, and inherited a large fortune, which enabled him
to perfect the excellent education he had received, by travelling. He visited every country
in which learning flourished, and returned to Athens with acquired knowledge. The
frailty of localities, so often sought from the useful and simple philosophy of his predecessors,
he discovered himself in abstract researches when, away from the native country, but
not equalizing Homer, he destroyed his peace, but in all his efforts to acquire his
invaluable turn is said to disappear. From to refined speculations, he attacked
himself to the philosophical system, which with the constructions of Egyptian
creeds, led him from the path, of useful & common knowledge.
The old age sought to obscure & conceal his real opinions; however, a real
one in private conversations, which was rewarded only for a few. This concealed
mode of philosophizing was adopted from modern of personal safety & security.
The doctrines of the prophecies on postpositions assured him to danger, under which
imprison always exacts the admission of the vulgar. His fundamental
principles were that from nothing, nothing could proceed, that there were two eternal
principles, matter & god, the one the creator of the universe, for which millions
immortalized in the materials, — how all his predecessors, whether moral or speculative, have
no doctrine that I understand as little, think he believed in the immortality of the soul, due
in the possessing as well as creating power of god, in sentiment.
Lincoln, May 23, 1829.
Da. Among the different religions that have appeared among men, it has
given me the purest pleasure to find a great resemblance in the origin
& principles of all. Among the most enlightened & barbarous nations,
the belief of one God & of the future existence of the soul have been assumed
during some, kind of a radiation's power between God and man and
of a happy period when peace & virtue shall reign on earth, have
appeared. However various these names & forms under which
Deity is addressed, I hope from these circumstances, that true
religion is not confined to a few individuals of the family of man,
but that it is spread thro' the whole. It prophet me indeed
only one left who worship thee, but the hard answer I said
that are seven thousand who have never loved their knees to thee.
In this has my faith rested, that altho unknown to men, yet the
searchers of all hearts find among the sons of men, many faithful
servants. My heart has ever rebelled from that doctrine which limited
the goodness of an infinitely good God to those only who believed as
thou, for are all thy children, I he has declared, that from the
north & from the south, from the east & from the west, shall his
people be collected together. The heart of man, in the temple of
God, then cannot cannot enter its secret recesses, to God alone then
is known the purity of the worship there offered him. We then, can
only judge from actions & of we doubt to these how many are the
