Her reason, her firmness, her affection & duty are all sacrificed to
her own ease; & tired of like she found fortitude to bear it for the sake
of a child she loved, or for the benefit of other dependants on her.
Restored to life, she sought for consolation in the society of another man
with a heart so fond, I wonder not that she found of one object she attached
herself to another, but where is that consciousness of virtue which
determined her conduct? had she felt the consequences of virtue, her action
would have been public, had she felt she was unjust she would have
given evidence to what she called the prejurious of society, & not
have sought concealment from public censure, under the name of
man she no longer either loved or respected. The land with Gedwin seven
months under the name of Inlay, the even fearful cry of Godwin that an
"act in not lodging our conviction, she should loose the society she valued, I will
end just her to this inconvenience, she therefore held the name to which
was believed entitled to, as the wife of Inlay. In friendship, she carried
all the enthusiasm of love, & more than its constancy -- as a woman
in any ballotonecraft wanted that amount of judgment, which can secure
on the right & wrong, when agitated by passion.
Her imagination uncontroled by this principle found the error which
it abounded in the most seductive colours, but which in real life could
never be practised. Her impatience of feeling, conquests new won, drew
inspired every consideration to its own gratification. The inactivity of her im-
-agination joined to the quickness of her feelings, produced a steadily
& invincible sensibility, which destroyed all fortitude to bear that pain
which it produced. Her heart overflowed with benevolence, & her
benefits to her parents, sisters & brothers are reflected in noble profits
of it. Love & duty, many ballotonecraft, but I cannot respect her.
In her life will be found a sure antidote to her dangerous principles
as it proves their insufficiency to preserve us in Duty, & their evil
consequence in domestic life. When I laid down her memory it was with
the most painful regret that such a mind & heart failed in
making her a useful & happy woman.
