It is the nearest basis on which virtue can rest. Who, that constant
& believes it feels, that the creator a governor of the world, is ever prone
& takes cognizance of each word, thought, action, use, that forms
its own fit; can nor, voluntarily indulge in any vice or error?
Who, that believes each occurrence of his life, to be the design of
infinite wisdom & mercy, can endure to dispense under the rule
of life, or can enjoy its blessings without repentance, since to him
these blessings are all derived from the unchangeable of heaven, but
from the goodness of a God? The father of mercies from thee, have I
received existence; give me that knowledge which will render
it a blessing! Amid the various paths of life, where errors are
the deadly scintillant, where the darkness of error often conceals
the light of truth, be thus my guide:-
Oh Those whose power over moving worlds is founded
Whose voice created, & whose wisdom guides,
On watching man in pure effulgence shine
And cheer the clouded mind, with light divine,
Thy thine alone to calm the furies that beat
Birth silent confidence & holy rest;
From thee great God we pray, to thee we lend
Path, motive, guide, original & end.
From Spring returns with its general ray
Grows, & gladiates nations under Roman
War springs, returns, but not to me return!
Those spectre joys my youthful days have learned
Old disappointments, like the winter that
Thick rests upon the Ulysses of each tender hope
And every trial, which I seemed the last
Is but the herald of some ill to come.
Dear Rochelle, March, 1840.
Why do I perpetually perplex myself with those questions which I cannot even
— understand, or find which history does not explain? The Christian religion
contains a system of morals calculated to produce individual & general
virtue; virtue whose effusion is happiness. About this there can be no
doubt, this system is more perfect than any other known to me; nor
therefore deduces that I should adopt it. To say that there is no
other as perfect, is asserting that which I did not know, I am for
instance but little acquainted with the real state of China, one of
the most populous countries on the globe. All I have to do is to
choose the best, & to make that the rule of my life.
There is no duty relative to God, to others, or to myself, which
revealed religion does not teach, to study it therefore & to regulate
my disposition, my affections & conduct according to its precepts,
is a felon & indefinable duty. To practise these precepts, it
is not necessary that I should comprehend all the doctrines
of this system. It tells us that duty has accepted the sufferings
of another, as the atonement for our transgressions, I can not
reconcile this to the dictates of reason. It is impossible to all
my notions of justice, shall I therefore reject it? Any reason can
not comprehend objects recognised by the senses, how much less
then, those things of which the senses cannot take cognizance,
How many things do I believe, which I have only heard, I doubt
not of some things the belief of which is contradicted by my
senses, such as the motion & rotundity of the earth. My not
understanding the nature of any thing, is not therefore a sufficient
reason for disbelieving it. To day profess with out unlimited faith
to objects of but trivial importance, why then should I deny
it, to objects, whose influence is of the highest import?
Why then do I hesitate in believing that a just God, will
forgive the sins of his creatures, because Christ suffered?
It is indeed opposed to all me call justice, I am should
behold with indignation & anger, the man who would
