let him dispose of the 1000 as he will, but let him not murder
others, as if it were sacrilege towards the dead and the slain he reduced
into an affording alacrityment to batter; his friends mean time
extending to one another their grief at the prospect of losing so
excellent a scholar. I being left to pass the rest of their days in
the solitary state of orphanage. After a short interval, James, whose
depraved some necessary instruction to his Comrades I spoke his last
leave of his children, the attendant informed him that the time
of drinking the hemlock had arrived, the executors the accusation
to such scenes, which I leave when I invented the fatal cup, however
reversed it without a change of countenance or the least appearance
of perturbation, then offered up a prayer to the gods, that he
would grant him a prosperous passage into the miserable world
with perfect composure swallowed the poisonous Draught, the
friends around him burst into tears, Locatals alone remained
unmoved. He continued walking till the chilly influence of
the hemlock obliged him to lie down upon his bed, after
a short silence he requested to be not to reflect offering a cord which
he had vowed to Locatals, then covering himself with his cloak
he expired.
This is an abridgement of the life of Locatals as written by
Enfield.
A story says Nero which I never read without tears.
The power of elegance
The departure of the academy after the death of Locatals, delighted upon
Polemos, an Athenian of distinction, who in his youth had been addicted to
infamous pleasures. The manner in which he was reclined from his
heretical course of life & brought under the discipline of philosophy
offered a memorable example of the power of elegance when it is em-
ployed in the cause of virtue. As he was one morning, about the
rising of the sun, returning home from the vaults of the night, clad
in a loose robe crowded with garlands strongly performed a inter-
calated with wine he passed by the school of Locatals where he
was surrounded with an indubitable humble to receive his fellowmen
happiness of indulging his positive humour, he rushed without ceremony
into the school & took his place among the philosophers. The whole
company were astonished at this rude & indolent intrusion in
all but Locatals discovered signs of resentment. Locatals however
preserved a perfect command of his countenance, & with great
presence of mind turned the discourse from the subject on which
he was treating to the topic of temperance & modesty, which he
recommended with such strength of argument & energy of lan-
guage that Polemos was constrained to yield to the force of
conviction. Instead of turning the philosopher & his doctrine
into ridicule as he first intended, he became sensible of
the folly of his conduct.
