there are moments when melancholy pictures of the future deal upon
my mind & upon all the gay races which have flourished - The mention
of yesterday's conversation the present circumstances has induced me a
desire to reflect upon them among some of my dearst friends, which I
have since I may be positive of success. If this principle which my
friend has so indefeasibly embraced should he ever called into their mutual
restraint separate him from them to whom obedience & obedience have
placed men. That he has retained them from a conviction of their truth and
her regard to falsehoods, he knows they may effect his interest, never
may he be tempted to give them up. Integrity is one of the best of qualities,
it is the most foundation to every virtue & rather than sacrifice I
contend I should renounce every comfort every thing I most value.
Are such trials to be mine? Is my fate in any way to be
connected with the resolution of government & telepathy?
That a melancholy night or it to see a good mind under the
tyranny of prejudice! That of him a perfectly honest, intelligent & loyal
to remonstrance energetic affectionate - I feel an inward
dread lest my affection should blind my judgment & make me
see the slaves of prejudice - May the example of yesterday ever belittle
my eyes & preserve me from a similar error.
February 1799. March.
In reading the life & character of Johnston I perceive these meetings of
kind & shade from which I began to think no one is free. They mark
with a vigorous & justificative mind, had many of the weaknesses of a feeble
& contracted one. The natural gloom of his disposition coloured all the means
of his life & even gave its name to the character & works of others. Discontented
with himself, he was equally so with those around him, &
his faculties of like and visible representation in that of a character
would be who in one scene was to place himself the nature of a monster,
with blackened countenance & glaring eyes. These things are
however in nature, but never collectively. Our benevolent creator
arrived the most innocent child has had some wholesome blows, amidst
burning sands some springs to run to the darkness of night is illumined
by stars & the adversities of life are cheered at least with Hope
Inconscient is ever too ready a victim to the human heart, why then
is it not the care of the creator to excite the gratitude of man by
pointing out the mild mercies of God through his creation & his
parental care, harmonious that creation with the wants of his natural
body not incline him to the practice of virtue, by painting it beauty,
by calling into action those noble faculties, these generous attachments
found in every uncorrupted heart? When we are told we are capable
