so temperate that he never preferred to pleasure to virtue or to virtue that
even in the most difficult cases he was able to judge what was preferable or
profitable. Having found all these excellences in Socrates, I have
ever esteemed him the most virtuous of the happiest of men.
The wisdom & virtues of this great man, while they procured
him many followers, created him many enemies. There was at this
time in Athens a large body of philosophers in eloquence, & in indignation
by the affronts of Sophists: by mere profuse use of words these men
made a magnificent display of wisdom when a slight foundation of
real knowledge; & the taught an artificial structure of language
& a false method of reasoning by means of which they were able
in argument to make the worse appear the better side. By
these means they misled the Athenian youth, & gained such
influence, that they were not only satisfied in a liberal manner
by their insults, but received salaries from the state & were in
many instances distinguished by public honors & emoluments in
office of magistracy. That such systematical provision should be
made for corrupting the taste of the Athenian youth, was much lamented by all honest men, & particularly by Socrates, in order to
depurate the fascination of these pretenders to wisdom, from the
flattery of bribery, after his peculiar manner, in perplexing them with
questions which were ingeniously continued to enslave their ignorance
& convince the hatred of their dishonesty.
The contest for the satrapry to the Athenians proved in the first fatal to Socrates.
The Sophists finding their candid employment daily decrease, became in
vehicule in their camity to this bold reformer & eagerly seized every occasion
of paraposing him to further ridicule or outrage. For this purpose they employed
the art of Aristophane, & the text the reasonable confidence which Socrates
possessed in his own innocence of merit during the representation, secured
him for the present from the assault of every slander.
From this time Socrates continued for many years to pursue without interruption
the laudable design of instructing & reforming his fellow citizens
at length however when the insubstantial ingenuity with which he had
charged the duty of a senator, & the firmness with which he had defended
the rights of political corruption & oppression, had greatly increased the
number of his enemies the conspiracy which had long been concerted against
his life was resumed. Every art was used to raise a general prejudice
against him. The hostile silence remarked that Lucius who had been one
of the most cruel of the Thirty Tyrants, & Alexander who had insulted
religion by defacing the public statues of Hercules & by performing a
mock representation of Eranusian mysteries, had, in their youth been
deluded by Socrates. The minds of the people being thus artfully prepared
for the seguel, the enemies of Socrates preferred direct assassination
against his life, before the supreme court of Judicature to ruin the
occupation. Socrates violated the laws in not acknowledging the God of the
state a God introducing new Divinities, he also violated the laws by committing
death. He was executed by the first ballot of his age.
