in this period, he travelled this most part of France & Italy & after
his establishment in London, paid a second visit to Paris, where
he became acquainted with those men, whose genius & exert
disqualified & raised them from among their contemporaries.—
attached to Switzerland, he ever looked to it, as the retreat
of age, where he should spend the last years of life, with
her with whom he had passed the happiest part of his
youth. Whether, he returned, I found his abode in the town
of his friend Dryden's. This mansion, was surrounded by
the beautiful & sublime of nature. Its charms are never raven-
tioned by him, without enthusiasm. In his friend, he had
a companion of corporal taste, & whose friendship was not
only cemented by the similitude of their tastes, but by the
more powerful influence of social sympathy. Gibbon had
a heart open to every domestic or social enjoyment. After
a morning spent in laborious research, he would leave his
books & pen, & mix in the society which he assumed.
The constant correspondence he preserved with Lord Sheffield
displayed the constancy of his attachments. Ined with cunning
he recounts of his literary pursuits, achievements, his model of studying an
art, with how much more pleasure did I house, the employ-
ments of the man, than of the theodolite. When death, bereaved
him of his friend & companion, the most genuine & unaffected
tenderness & sorrow appeared in his expressions. The vacuum in
his heart was filled by his attachment to the family of
the Seven's, but the remembrance of his friend was never
indicated to the last of his life he spoke of his loss with tender regret.
When he heard of the death of Lady Sheffield, his conduct was a
decisive proof of his sensibility & fondness. He died not content
himself with empty expressions of condolence; but with stand-
ing the distance, opposed by a diseased & infirm body, an indelible
& inextinguishable disposition, a long & dangerous journey, over bad roads,
& throug the armies of an enemy, he immediately enquired every person
& at consideration to hasten to facilitate & complete the remonstrance
of his friends. Great talents astonish us, we gaze on the flights of genius with
admiration & suspense. We are dazzled by their splendour. But a talents
& generous disposition, an affectionate & feeling heart, lay behind our
affections & by the interest & sympathy they produce constitutes the
union & happiness of society.— Gibbon is a rare example of great talents,
a cool, discriminating, speculative mind, united to a lively sensibility & warm
affections. To me at least the portrait is new, & I shall take the cause
of the natural pleasure with which I have passed his life.
The conclusion of his great work, formed one of the most interesting
scenes in his life, & is thus spoken by himself.—
"I have presumed to mark the moment of conception, to which now
commemorate, the hour of my final deliverance. It was on the night
of the 27 of June 1787, between the hours of 11 & 12. That I wrote
the last lines of the last page in a summer house in my garden.
After laying down my pen, I stood several watches time in a narrow
walk of terraces, which commands a portion of the country, of the
lake & of the mountains. The air was temperate, the sky was serene,
the silver orb of the moon, was reflected from the waters, and
all nature was silent. I will not describe the first emotions
of joy, of the recovery of my freedom, & perhaps the establishment
of my fame. But my pride was soon humbled, & a sober mel-
ancholy was spread over my mind, by the idea, that I had
