such in the brief, but simple history of the progress & effects of the Christian
religion, a religion which, without persecution could not destroy, which
leaving all philosophy could not supersede, which neither however the
world could overcome, and to which time itself, making its governments
have fallen, has but added strength. From an obscure corner of India
& advanced to Africa, Europe & Africa, has spread the word of salvation
& populated the forests of America.
When I contemplate this amazing work, so unparalleled in history, so
infallibly beyond the power of the instruments that effected it, I cannot
but conclude that it is not the work of men but the work of God.
But I cannot persuade it in any way derogatory to his dignity & perfection
to be its author. The attributes of God, are wisdom & mercy & when
could they be displayed in a stronger light? Its precepts are calculated
to meet every one to perfect every virtue of the human character, its encomiums
to the virtues of those precepts, are the promises of eternal bliss in the next. If mankind
were immersed in an ignorance prodigal of crimes, how could
menry be more strongly endorsed than by a revelation that
would dispense this terrible darkness, I correct the errors of mankind?
Alas! has different in the religion preached & practised a horizon
in the present day from that taught by the patriarchs?
That doctrines or doctrines are subjects of wonder not for studying the
precepts & whole pure reason aspirations its fame is sublime, ineradicable, powerful
with glow with enthusiasm for a religion whose unlimited benevolence is
manifested in the heavens, speaking peace on earth, good will towards men, & glory to God.
Friday evening, May 26. 99.
This is indeed a sweet evening, the temperature of the air, peculiarly benign.
The lightness of the weather, just refreshed by rain & yet unconnected by storm
or rain, makes the landscape more than usually beautiful. I sat at my
window & gaze on it, it gives me pleasure, but how would that pleasure
be doubled were he to pass by it. Now I reflect, as at this moment would
it, be to walk amidst your fields or in that Market, were a friend with
me -- why, why at a reason so approximate to tenderness, why are
we separated? But why to have these lines here, my pen could
talk to him, at least it could convey my the feelings of my heart, it
will not then be alone.
Monday evening 27th. Have today begun "Emile". I have had it for this
month but, but various accidents have prevented my attending to it.
Many of the observations in his preface are just there was one which is too true
and too little attended to. Notwithstanding says he, the many writings which have
abounded above professed and was public utility, the subject of most importance,
the art of forming men, is still forgotten. The state of infancy he observes is
unknown & the most wise philosophers have sought only what is necessary
for men to know without considering what children are capable of regarding
has sought for the man in the child at least their mode of instruction,
indicates once a mistake. The state of infancy is the one he wishes & the first
to which he would lend the attention of parents. He appears aware
that as a system his is exceptionable but says
