Samuel Hutt Athenry, his former
in the cabinet, without which Mr. C. H. Crawford's leave
& the impression of its loss was stronger than that of its greatness, any
other use it may now have. The Athenry family, as in this nation is
uncommon for its introduction into the army & increasing the allowance of Mr. Hutt, but doubt of being secured.
I have this morning met near 20 Chalder in Genesee. The engine of
the canal was in which Jackson was related to the regiment, apparent
contradiction. In the frequent & numerous events, appeared to me for the
first time, I had never seen so hostilely before. To mention is yet
made of Satan & I know not in what foundation it has been
supposed that he informed the ordinary form of God, had in the
creation of man, limited his knowledge, & is not inconvenient with
his power, that in opposition to his will, man is entirely possessed of
fault should gain knowledge? God is represented as afraid of the
heaven man, when he is made sorry, that man should leave the
garden lest he should put forth his hands to take of the tree of
life free from God not free from God, the power to limit the life of man? But
do not the Germans say that man was destined to immortal life, which
he lost by eating the forbidden fruit. This cannot be reconciled
to his being removed from Eden, on the slave merchant account.
From there surely he died on the day that he tasted the forbidden fruit,
but man died not die for her natural death, no such thing
is admitted. The physical strength is more & cannot tell, how the
system but is now taught, was made out of better parts, but perhaps
as I go on, I shall learn more. For yet, in men have I made of the
creation of Angels, & the first time an angel is spoken of, where one
appears to Meyer & be is there made to speak, does no good.
man. He sat at the breakfast table near two hours this morning. The Village
is a communicative, conservative man: the conversation turned on the
distinguished men of this country & it was remarked that most of
them had risen by talents, without the aid of wealth or family.
The Rutledge family was an example of this. Their father was
a man of ample property, but made out to give them a
liberal education the evidence of which, they afterwards refused
their father. These were three brothers, John, Edward, & Hugh
and in the revolution, the young they took a most decided
fact. Once, in one assembly, it was proposed sending a representative to
the American congress; one of the principal of eldest men asked who should
have representation that state, without the dominion of his sentiments
protest of the same, & with firmness & energy pronounced, "I find that man,
I shall dare to kill him." He was afterwards elected & served in the legislature.
He was afterwards appointed governor of L. Carolina, his brothers Edward,
Lucas, man, & now married to Pennington's daughter, but had not the enter-
prising & energetic character of John. He practiced law with success &
succeeded his brother in the government. Hugh Rutledge, is a man
of sound mind & an excellent lawyer, but not the ballancer of either
of the others. When Mr. Rutledge went first to Carolina, he found men
at that day, whom he could not understand to read, he knew that all
men of distinction have enemies; he declared an open opposition to
the leading character & was immediately supported by all their political
& personal enemies & by this means even got into good practice.
Little enterprising has occurred through this day except the receipt of
a most affectionate letter from Sister Tharpsey. Your English, called
to sat a long while with us. This is not a man of talents, but he is
a good man in a Christian, I will therefore cultivate his friendship.
and indeed if feeling more settled I give more respect however to leave the matter
& a leading figure for the present is a man. While Mr. Hutt was absent yesterday
Mr. Hutt's brother & Mr. Rutledge's brother were employed along the bank of the eastern channel.
The bank is very narrow & broken, but, can offer a most excellent road that
we needed in the army yard. There is a most noble water & women. The
favorite of ladies is country life. An hundred men came in employment on
hopping away a bullet & falling into a chassee. I looked with abandonment this
hour since. Industry seems to be the invention of nature. When we returned in
the evening we sat at our fireside in our room & then passed the
company below stairs. I was introduced to Mr. Hutt's sister in a plain
woman both in manner & appearance of a most family & social disposition
but of little understanding. She went away this morning, respecting
that when she returned I would not be here in a social way.
This morning has been passed in a most desultory way. My good
husband has been talking with a friend in his face, & while he
talks to me, in from & leaves every myself.
Today, without order & regulations in a family, has little can be done. During
it in this house, though otherwise disadvantageous, not most decidedly in
trouble in any mind the necessity of order. Have not told, but little command
of my time. I am, however, with little improvement. Since 2 a.m. weather came
in and no day morning 2 hours been devoted to them. The above time
