against taste and method of service, I have not time to pursue this subject further. I have only to remark that the observations of the late Sir Francis Beaufort, in his book on the sea, are very interesting, and I am sure they will be of great use to seamen.
Another day has passed unnoticed as most of my days by any interval of business. How few vestiges remain of the time that is past, the common incidents of life are so uniformly the same that day after day will pass unremarked into oblivion -- both one is caught not to hear, though at least to mark each day by some fragment in the improvement of one mind. Part of life a languor has enfeebled me every faculty which I can call forth for active employment -- lecture employment however is the only method of repairing that tranquility of desesperation, which only of late has distressed me.
But I am not so narrow. How difficult it is to determine what is natural to, or what is acquired by man from the moment of his birth he becomes the slave of that, yet I cannot think with Rousseau, that he is so born perfect & afterwards corrupted by society. From whatever they come, the seeds of vice are found in human nature, & discouraged with the first development of his faculties, the modes of education are far from correcting the errors from credulity, these needs before they exist. If all the evil proclivities of our nature, that of jealousy & envy of another's merit is one most obviously obvious to correct in our nature, feel aware to giving the due to merit inferior to our own.
A little anecdote I met with this morning, brieflyly illustrates a contemptuous disposition he has entertained for doubts so frequent from the absence of certain decisive events. It is possible I may not have been present at the trial of a Lacedemonian for sedition, he was rejected, the reasons given, that in Sparta there are seven hundred men better than himself. I doubt if that is true.
This morning I was called down stairs. No bearer was there. I felt very much distressed, hostile to myself that philosophy may use shall afford. This conversation had already exhausted & interested me. how then could I expect that? I called from my seat, & asked to know how the case stood. The court cannot, however, I thought resolved to be cordial, as concern alone was the only medium through which their benevolence is expressed. I was told that I was a very active & energetic individual, that I should have been a better man if I had not been so much satisfied with myself, that I had not determined what to think of this man, he says little of himself, but expresses himself concerning the feelings, modes of life, & circumstances of other men's lives, & the human character, & the sentiment with which he relates to what one says of human beings, & how he uses them. I never felt aware to his study of mankind. I have neither more nor less knowledge of mankind than he has, & I have not the confidence of mankind to judge of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind to judge of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind to judge of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the comfort of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the assurance of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the satisfaction of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the expectation of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the belief of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the trust of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the faith of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the hope of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the hopes of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the expectations of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the assurances of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the comforts of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the beliefs of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the confidence of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the bases of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the ground of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundation of mankind. I have not the grounds of mankind. I have not the basis of mankind. I have not the foundations of mankind. I have not the foundations
