14
the security under legislation was a threat to
business stability; that there was already interest
of a business nature; that the system used by
the Board to secure these modest buildings, these houses
of honorable, and of not unusual character of real
property; that this was the direct intention
of encouraging stability and creditability to the
interest of business; that it also may be seen,
as an emergency measure in interest of banking
and business stability, to purchase large amounts
of real estate to avoid undue stringing of credit.
The Committee recommends refusal of further limitation
of 25 millions for purchase of real estate and that
Council act forth to purchase not to exceed 200
millions, or in the circumstances and material
about, and only so, understanding that there
is a capital, current review by the M.P.H.
and the Committee of the consequences of any
such purchase and that another meeting
of Committee to hear opinion demanded to be held
to come and in any event not later than first
meeting on January 1920
(E. S. C. R.)
15
a long duration ballad. In Harris said we
wanted Denver votes on some or possible land
but with a Collier of different line bearer
would go hardly in giving ourselves Denver
votes; that even if Colorado 200 million votes
completed - vote, the dead and living would
merely reduce the Committee, make them business
but carrier, and have every gun Denver
votes.
Denver obtained granting even any contingencies
present.
Denver said not need to grant contingencies
present for it own understanding that any
Mr. Bennett could aid in an emergency and
take him responsibility.
Mr. Bennett a negative granting him terms
asked, subject to change at any time by
Board in reasonable notice, on him rendering
that his Committee excellent in ability
comprehension - would act in consultation
with or without consultation with the
Board of the M.P.H.
Mr. Bennett without a subordinate responsible
for his subordinate's review of all his
refusing the Board of his support and
agreement.
Mr. Bennett without subordinate is about
