262
Agents direct collection thru P.O. established rules
arrangements established for banking & discount;
desired them to make arrangements, adopting a
course of economy and return at once to
Board.
Monday July 31
Conference w. Glass, Harding & Kittles.
Glass very bitter w. Kittles.
Told of my letter w. Kittles thru Glass.
Glass said could agree to allowing amount of $10000
with old not enter system to make discount
w. Mrs. Glass for clearing houses. Noting it
aloud allowing them to deduct 4 changes.
I said Kittles agreed to put his objections in
writing not later than next week & we
agreed to wait for them, in meantime Harding
abroad arrangements for banking & discount.
Harding said he was satisfied we old one
the present abandon such collection and
that we must inquire to collection system.
Said also we old strike out at that
for Sec. 16 of us real right to collect
thru P. Masters - seemed to favor them.
At about 12.30 Kittles called to his Harmon
lany.
Id two state boys, not eligible for P.O.
His system would close down at end
of collection made thru P. Masters or
them exchange from interfund calls
263
and word "patrons" in sec. 16 otherwise used intended
Members here who were the patrons of the 1st Re
Publicans and this: legalized deduction of reasonable
of charges changes; that patronage old not have
been intended to refer to depositors in banks
for use had never deducted exchange charges
from their depositors and this: old not have
been in minds of Congress.
Said law could be made clear in next session
of Congress. The present interbranch vote would
make N. Carolinians Republican; that Sec. Taggart
said it would make Southern 100 over Republican.
Finally he agreed to put his objections in
writing not late the next week.
Glass said he was invariably opposed to
making us mere Notes, however recently.
Also said was opposed to permitting gold
to M. Agent to convert as duties on M. Notes,
but not quite as duties against them.
Said he would take up, not before Friday
made up his mind.
After told me he had learned confidentially
that Nat. Steamer in Boston & Credit was
polled & was unanimously in my favor
& that I would be confirmed at first
year session, probably thru P.O.
Sen. advertised w. out first session
