a solemn agent w. his associates with, they will
charge him w. violation.
Board to Boston at night wrote very high. Our
University Club advising him to Steffens up
Harding as he seemed weak & wretched.
Wed, Aug 15
Attended first meeting since Harding was designated
as Gov.
Harding in the late P.H. told me working was
furious at not being designated but Delano
took it more quietly, albeit bitterly disappointed.
He said would forward a letter to the Board
accepting his designation as well but
returning the President on not making him Gov;
that he & Delano w. great difficulty persuaded
him not to send it but to send a similar
acceptance instead; said he told W., the
President would pretty soon get such letter
and would take drastic action; said W.
made all sorts of wild suggestions &
threats; understood him to say that W.
wanted to resist in President's designation
but W. as Gov & Delano as well have but
Delano could not agree to this; Harding
had just-6 P.M.- told W. that is harmony
was not desired he would write the President
that he accepted this designation in the
hope of restoring harmony but that would
he could not succeed; he could only the President to
disgrace send one etc. He said it was plainly
impossible for the President to have designated
W. being a human only recently naturalized
& having a brother holding a high position in
the Industrial Exposition, I think he said, -- in
Germany;
This P.M. about 3.30 Delano came in and said
he had not congratulated me on my victory
-outright as he felt to do so would be
hypothetical as he had been fighting me on
the Gov. slip, but that he was very glad I
was re-appointed & his opponent had not
been reelected. I took it very casually
& said of course I assumed it was not
personal, that I had advised Sec. to
recommend a change to the President.
He immediately wanted me to tell him about
this designation but naturally I said
nothing about it. He seemed very
subdued and almost deaf. I
think he appreciated that he used
a boomerang with him him more than
anyone else. It seems him right & I
think has taught him a lesson he
will never forget.
In evening dinner at Met. Club w. Williams
He said Sec. had letters to President
