him to accept the honors of Iowa from Corn
but that while appreciation of the times
he felt that the hostile press would say he
had been turned down by the Audit & that
he had declined.
Aug. 16. Thursday
Harding came in & said Wauberg was almost wild;
that he had drawn a line which he inserted
should be printed in the next bulletin; he stressed
over a policy; it rested the fate of the desegregation
of Em V. Em & Min proceeded to state that at
least a majority of the Board favored state
begun w. the 2 year term member were opposed
to the exercise of any choice by the Board;
it ended by stating that the Board would
shortly bring the matter to the attention of
Congress a direct slap at the Board.
H. said he told W. squarely this must stop;
that no such shut could be permitted; that
W. said then he could probably & himself,
that he told Waub. he could only make
himself ridiculous.
Also said W. had written Col. Hoover that if
volate in numerical order were not adopted
by the Board the 4 & 3 office members could
resign tomorrow and in a public street. It said
long ago he told W. that he could abide by
the decision of the Board & that he had no
right to quote him as intending to resign.
He added that if Corn. did such a thing
it would merely give comfort to the enemies of the
system & would deprive the Auditor of its desired
credit on passage of the Act; that W. He
said that was just what I want.
W. went back thus 8 & 9 Delano went to
state w. him letting H. he wanted to get
him out of town.
I told Harding of the Board I had in mind
- to change letter of 8th to 9th of Iowa - he
said he & he believed the others would
have gladly accepted this, - that Delano
was working on a somewhat similar Board.
I said if Delano had come to me frankly
I would have favored this & I believed Sec.
M. would also, but I did not feel here
of being it as some might say I was
selfish in having had the letter on 2
plans & then laying to keep it.
H. thinks W. is really out of his head.
Before leaving H. I had a letter to Secy H.
who said the Board the were ready
for W. whatever he might do. They
were satisfied he & the others were
selfish & determined to rule as mine;
that if W. could to resign he could & they
did more than ridiculous.
Later with him told me Harding had also
lettered to him
