Del. again said the Court had been totally unwilling
that we were trying to prevent honest decision.
We said matter of law had been discussed in one of
3 ways
1. As to legality. 2. As to expediency. 3 By putting upon
millions who, we must following universality of
principles and of Board.
As to 1 Del. said Elliott had changed his opinion
and agreed w. Cattin that we could abolish
Res Bkno
2d I had sent no letter of which he could find
such an opinion. (See my letter to him dated
June 10 explaining what I said)
Said Sir. Cattin at Philadelphia trying to we
could do this. (This was merely an opinion
of whom given off Canal)
Evidently this reference to expediency meant
the ultimate of Court to Pierce Canal.
Finally we voted to take up matter on
Monday May 16th.
One of the Court - certain words of Delano also said
that if 20 instructed Court old system plan in
2 or 3 days.
Some of which current standards as to Hardings later co.
law & that he had heard it printed & submitted
it to Harding who approved it as some minor
change. Harding also said he had submitted
this conversation to his colleagues - none of
them dissented to this statement.
109
Nov 16. Tuesday.
Welles said Delano said that the Court had
not agreed on any definite plan or what may
have been letterally said at the moment Del.
made this remark but that at one time the
Court had agreed & had passed a rule
accordingly (wid. the rule Harding should
won) but that he had pointed out so
many objections that the Court had become
divided in certain phrases of it (e.g. Miller
objected to abol. of Boston Bk).
Then P.H. Sec. Meaders sent me letter to Del. &
letter asking what their authority were for
that he had omitted his Bench in
attitude when Miami, Res Bkno ; still in letter I had
held one of this col. was here.
If Del or Miller had said this privately to me
I could surely have laughed at it and just.
well not have continued it, but their
charges were openly made to full Bed
during the meeting & I felt it my duty
to mention it to Sec Meaders as I could have
done to any other member publicly charged
with such a serious offense,
declared a letter for him to send Del. asking
that make reference to my Harding be produced
at next meeting - also opinion of Delatts
letter.
Later 4.30 met Mr. Adw. Counsel - they came
with favoring Delattes office of Court
