Delano interrupted a 3rd about our cause in Rochester.
It was an attempt to justify action of course under
many cases of past - short of delinquent methods.
and could not now criticize propriety of action
of any in assaying President on claim etc. I told
Delano that I had no objection to admit very
recent provided certain claims were strictly
out & refused to propriety of my action etc.
He said - as did also Harding. Must they hold
claim into this. I agreed that if charges made
against old be failed as of testimony but that if
propriety of my action was sufficient to still
have to file a record justifying it
but had a long wrangle will the money as to
minutes of meetings of Nov 15, + 22 in 29. I
suggested certain additions.
Del. submitted two board letters saying that
chief examiners ought not to serve on Deb
red his Agts. Looms asked that it so serve in
Dec 15 or at least one week. This was
entirely objected to. Harding, id matter was
refused to see. H. Thunius & that they
objected that the general policy should be
left alone as in above letter: and I also
forced them.
I said I had favored this policy & believed
in it now but thought we ought to put
some one in discussion. Looms said Secy H. should
have office. to consider it. Harding then
got mad - id Looms was misrepresenting
Delano's position. He said he was in Rochester
at 10 o'clock. He would give policy - but if necessary use
present power still not be obliged etc.
Harding, as Del. Harding was going to state Committee
was forbidden to speak.
at noon when I read our two board letters - found
it contained nothing as to removal of examiners
as President but was confined to their claim to
be Dec 15th. for Agts.
I read them at meeting in afternoon. Harding &
Delano vigorously denied them - I asked Del. to
point out where the letters formed removal
as Court directors. He understood the Court
fine times. I said there merely choice of examiners
using reference of their Court duties etc. among,
as I read it. declined as Deb. red his Agts. they could
decide them.
I thus set I saw no reason for removing certain
Valley or Staats (each of whom have 1 year more);
that Trust's claim could appear Jan 1; that question
would arise whether Trust still not be
made an unattached Court director; that
claim was a question of policy etc. I
did determine; that however claim was
determined, claim was no reason why
examining committee should be removed
as Court directors at least
until their claims expire.
This matter was then disposed of present.
Watson Looms W. Del. Hedden - he said he
