July 28. Thursday.
Sent letter to Fowler demanding his signature
Sent letter to Strong on accepting terms of credit, dated July 28
August 4. Wednesday
and
on introducing August 4.
The Strong credit was for N.Y. Sent letter of July 28
embarking universal of drafts under revolving
letters of credit made it impossible for the
banker to enter into such arrangements.
had me a long letter on necessity of providing
credit accepts him to take care of our
interests. Presented also a menu in the law
to show increase of rather new drafts -
as bill drawers & acceptors - will not be
debated provided acceptor send draft
to holder at maturity.
On Aug 2, I had received letter from Waugh
slating that one letter to Strong of July 28
was in error in referring such universal -
that they will merely cash advances as
bill drawers and acceptors and if the
new draft was in 6 months bearer
it was perfectly good.
Mr. Miller was present and was given a copy
of Waugh's letter. Mr. Miller vigorously
objected to certain Member box or Red
Robes giving or discounting acceptances
based on war materials; he contended
that they did not discount notes or
accept Bills when the funds were to be
29
ensured or destroyed by ultimate purchase,
under existing regulations. I pointed out that
if I bought e.g. large quantity of flour from a
man to ensure myself or if I bought
a gun from a Man to shoot birds or make
the note given by me to Man to hold or
eligible for discount under our Regulations.
Then he claimed that there was no authority
to accept where goods ultimately were to
be used by a few nations. I pointed out there
was nothing in the law preventing any body
indeed or Nation from buying goods for our
agriculturalists or Ministers; that while we
did not authorise a few Ambassadors to
draw on our banks (Russia) - that was
because under approved arrangement he
was to be given credit on discount and could
draw his own checks and use proceeds for
goods or any other purpose he saw fit.
Then bring up lying down of proceeds to
wharf of goods.
Then he claimed these acceptances were
not liquid & I pointed out that they
would all be drawn (under Brown Brothers
plan) by a French bank which would be
unsharable & that there was the best
form of legality known to banking
