system, Pindot could remove him; as much danger
of the Board acting unwisely as the King.
It pointed out that if the Board arrested legislators
we should all have to justify & show our
deficiencies before the Courts of law. Lord
said bills would be introduced any way.
I believed if bills introduced by others any
of us, if summoned, old experience alone
with a minimum of injury to the Court if
we ourselves arrested for legislators we must
have before Court reasons for it and thus
could provide us to fight with our associates
Fairly Harding said he would vote for
Lord. suggested but received slight to bring
matter up later; 6) " " if his
colleagues insisted on a minority which
to secure by his concurrence in that Court
wh. he acknowledged
Miller then and hereafter to object that
the Court had made no recommendation to certain
other questions but of difference of
opinions, and must time needed be
considered.
Sec. 2d. Cox & Williams agreed to something
less this & matter to be considered
again tomorrow.
143
Sec. 2d. did not read or discuss any of our new
suggestions but he showed Harding a copy
before meeting. Harding bitterly objected to
the one asking for direct appointment by
legislator & candidly stated he had great
influence on changing his mind.
Mr. S. Saturday
after long discussion agreed that Roberts should go on
without compromise & Delaney arrested as to Court
deputies & changes in Comptroller office.
It was agreed, however, that prior to June 30 '16
if any 2 or more members wished to transmit
arrests on any subject to Congress the Bot could
send them leaving right of counsel to bill
a minority or majority short and them to
apply to any other arrests of which they said
he had a number not yet offered.
Let them take up Delaney's arrests to law as to
Comptroller. Cox showed that substituting
approval of his Bill for approval of Sec.-com
Comptroller official would not help but would
cause more trouble; that if any change
were made he denied believing that
constitution would work harmonizing the whole
function of Comptroller must be changed --
he must be made a subordinate of
the Bot easily to its appointment & removal &
his right to appoint to Congress must
be taken away.
Sec. 2d. all he knew constitution would
