Miller started the opposition to money on
financial reasons given, but of political
deficiencies; that sooner or later a crash
would come under Miller.
He was also bitter against the policy of
investing reserves so largely in East bonds.
Suggested that he in cabinet be returned to
Bankers, but they to leave it as a steadied
deposit for a Debt Bank. Evers found on
deposition; said the bankers would oppose
this.
All this I was with him 2 days and talked
for hours with him. He never mentioned
his troubles with the bank until just
before leaving him & asked him to give me
his reasons & ministers on his doing so.
I was very obviously informed with
him on the whole.
June 22.
At Board meeting Washington itself was
so pleasant, I am about satisfied
Madison has succeeded & agreed to
have another dispute for him
This afternoon, see M. asked me if
this meeting was beautiful & I said
very. I think this was what was in
239
his mind, and doubtfully
Friday June 30.
see M. came in and asked me to lunch with him.
We went to Shoreham. Suddenly he had something
in his mind. After quite a while he began
to talk about Res. Bd. He said the President could
send in any nominated matter a few days
so that it could be speedily embalmed.
Also said he had not made up his
mind as to Governorship; that if any
change were made Harding would be made
Gov & probably Washington will give him
not actually say this but left me doubt
in my mind, as he would say - why
Mr. W. was disgracified how would the
Board feel etc?
I told him I thought the Bd. would be
very much affected. of course, Harding;
that Washington elected to be Gov.
that he was going on his vacation of
over, to return early in August; that
in my opinion Judge Seligso had come
out on tuition to the end. He said No
it was his public spirit. (But!!)
I also said Governorship it as he
doubtless felt that would, old not be
made Gov & it could fail to him.
He said No, that they all asked him
the Gov. be given to him and leaving the
short term. I said - I never believed
