272
felt it was expedient to yield, but as bitter
as horrible.
I told him I thought, in the whole, it was
well to yield at this time; that while I should
be glad to continue as Gov., I fully appreciate
the situation & will trust to the sense of the
present; that I was only too glad to
render a service to the President & the system
by eliminating myself.
He expressed the deep gratitude of the
President & himself to me for the broad way
in which I expressed when the situation; he
said over power, they both understood to
designate me again but that it seemed
better to yield.
Just before he began to leave, Lang. Cagle was
in the room & congratulated me on my
appointment as Gov. Meadow rattled
ridiculously said, he is Abbott as a Member,
the President designates the Gov.
Cagle said -- then took the President on
Gods sane not to designate Washington
he is a Jew, a German, a Democrat and an
alien; while the Honorable of good old
N.C. stock as Gov. the people will
have embodied in the system, but if
273
Washington is designated there must be tumults.
see H. Smith sheepishly & said nothing.
While in the whole I can not blame the
President, and very likely will have done
the same myself for ex-president's sake,
yet the fact remains the Radicals
have clung the President & he has yielded.
They have now got the Gov. the next
move will be to move out of the
Presidency building -- from there will be an
open field for Abbott making them all
powerful & backed up by Harding
w. his prestige as Gov. The only trouble is
that Harding will decide to abandon
his freely expressed reactionary views
in view of his elevation to Gov.
Illinois is the man to be retired -- Humphreys,
emaciated, vain, jealous, he has barred
the mail & has only succeeded in losing
his own job on Oct. Gov. Hovis by his
own Petard! It serves him right.
The P.M. went down to see U. Grant Members
in reference to Hutchinson message. He
said he had learned -- not from McClellan
that the Directors of the C.S.C. had
unanimously agreed that Borowick
