attacked to rather lean towards Delano's view
but insisted on keeping in reference to the
letter to Russell etc. Finally it was agreed
they old loop it over & file it in any form
they wished later.
During the late they all insisted on keeping in
mind that if they ever had success that
branchers would be opened whenever their
branches were abolished, he would not hear
and language as to Branches working in general
etc.
I wanted out that no reference to branches
was made in letter of June 20th or -
Collins opinion & that Collins opinion was
given to Alby. He informed to my turn in his
opinion. They all replied that if we had
discussed the matter on the merits they
would have attacked.
I hunted out that a branch could be a
difference between the developed real
Revenue Bank -- both as to capital and
authority as to territory; that if the
Branch directors could be appointed by
the man in the Revenue Bank & their tenant could
be at will of latter direction.
Wait. So all the directors could be at
will appointed but Williams assured
by what authority he made stand as to
what the directors of the Revenue Bank
would do.
Further more, what I did not mention was
that Branch branches are created under
the Act not by Rev Bill but by the Board
147
of the Rev Bank.
Delano then said that while in Minneapolis
this very matter was discussed with the
Jaffery of the Rev Bank and that he said it
would be better for that district if the
Rev Bank could be abolished if a Branch
Bank of Chicago did the bank work put in
its place. Delano generally, however, added --
all I discussed with him was the general
matter of abolishing the Bank suggested by
Rev. Burris.
Later Harding said he had a talk with the
Sec. of Treasury about State Bank matter and
question of Chief Examiner serving as
Okl. Sec. of Rev. Subjects and that Sec. had secret
& he Harding advised the Board there
would be no difficulty in making a
satisfactory settlement of whole matter.
Delano also said that if the Sec. of Treasury
had been present at meeting of Nov 15
there would have been no row or misunderstanding.
Williams told me that P. M. that the stand in
his minutes of writing of Nov. 22 (in
rehab of Rev 2-4) that Warburg said that
