10 what W. told me then was immediately a serious matter of
discussion on the Board. He said he wanted to
that if open market purchases not authorized by
the by regulation the Bd could be severely attacked
in Congress & the cities would attack it. He said he
failed to convince me however
I told him, inadvertently, of the status of the
matter, & spoke of my minority about.
Elans said there could be a strong movement in
Congress to disband loans as a Member of the
Board -- that he felt that the office of Comptroller
should be replaced in the Board but that the trouble
was with the personality of Williams.
I told him of the example containing the said
it was clearly the intent of Congress that the
Reserve Board and the Reserve Board should have
rights. I gave him a copy of my analysis of
the law & brief.
He also said there was no possible doubt of
the right of Res. loans to go into other markets
to secure revenue for expenses & dividends
Friday Oct 8.
At 1 minute after 11 this am Harding brought in
a letter to Mr. Res Agts in open market purchases
well. He said the majority of the Court (Courts=
Williams & Harding) had voted to permit
to the Board an issue of open market regulations. I thought
it rather strange that I was not notified
of such meeting, which, as yesterday & told
11
then I was engaged on an answer to their 2nd 71
short, attacking my honesty.
The matter was called up by Worthington at the
full meeting this AM & I very quickly stated
my dissatisfaction with the Court action.
W. Sth then went no steps ever from official
to private -- they were merely exchanges of
views. I dismissed to their statement.
Finally the second letter was read, I
said that it undoubtedly gave the Board
citizen often right powers but was really a
regulation in the form of a letter to Mr. Res Agents
and that I should vote against it.
I then gave copies of my minority about
to W. & Harding.
finally in Williams motion we referred whole
matter back to the Court to report at an
adjourned meeting and I gave Williams a
copy of my report.
I told the Members that Mr Elans said
Yesterday a letter would not be satisfactory;
Williams told him he recognized the danger
of a regulation at the present time &
I thought a letter was a good idea as it
could be turned into a regulation at
any time.
Harding made a characteristic speech
