such slants of credit should be made only to debt. Rev. 42 & 44
Ever to remain on their personal bills & not to be subject to
interjection by the Director. Webb was very distressed that
this slant be done, also Harding & to somewhat less extent,
Webb. This matter seemed particularly a request to
Mr. Morgan & Co who were not willing to have their
slants of credit under any circumstances subject to interjection
by Director or any of them. I suggested that their rule
must apply to all & all let me consider that such
an application is asked for as regards John Smith" and
not Mr. Webb. Webb however declined to consider
it in any such way & applied interest to an
rule should be laid down for Morgan & another
for other acceptors.
Miller objected to them as did also Washington.
Webb, I do not think he could desire to have a trustee
such as Palmer sitting over his slant. I
could not well refer to having such
slants from all Acceptors in first instance from
to the Agent & his co. declared understanding that
the Director could use them whenever they deemed
such course necessary. Webb opposed them
& did every Director did vote to refuse to direct
freight houses if he were not allowed to
use slants of credit. Miller voted & I could not
agree to them.
finally it was voted to ask opinion of said
use. Council on matter before final vote of
Board.
Harding & Webb as usual were very angry
at being thwarted.
in opposition to a cause -- 1204, Delaware Miller met to
arrange Council of Bel. We had little difficulty
in simplifying & rearranging them. We left the same
council in operation of Rev. Res Barn as it was, being
left as therein. No action was taken as to the
sub-Council of the Committee, it being tacitly
understood no changes were to be made.
Nov 13. Sat.
Miller sent me draft of new Council & I notified
that the said Council about were radically
changed -- I was removed from Council in charge of
Boston & Warren from the Atlanta Council, which
Washington Webb & Delaware were Boston N.Y. Philadel.
Mem. & Cleveland & Harding Philadelphia the other
six. I at once wrote letters that I deemed
to stay action Boston, Denver & Denver still remain
on Richmond.
letters came in & said matter after our
writing had been considered by several others (
Webb. was not in Council) & that Webb said I
had quietly slipped off the Boston Council & that
it was determined to drop both terms & myself
This slant of Webb was fatal -- fact is Webb has
already given counsel and about Boston
matter advocating them to himself.
Camp Glen called at 1.30 -- so he had not stuck in
morning papers as to destroying and that
it is some members favored cutting down
no of legs; so this will be about illegal
& he still give out an interview in the
opinion stating that such action will be
