296
working with the small amount we could
put out in this way, say 25 millions would
have no effect upon exchange; that it could
be pretty to tie up our small supply of
Rivers money in such foreign investments
which could not count as securities.
working left no doubt in our minds but
that he was bitterly opposed to the Spirit
& looked at St. Debt cold advice against it,
and that he was willing to buy he could
vote for it if St. Debt consented thereby
it could turn it down.
He evidently does not dare to vote directly
against it as it would throw his hands
Harding then asked my opinion. I said I
had originally felt that the Re Bosses
were extremely very near being East bosses
but that our cannot advance no more
that I had accepted that ruling; that
we had thought and thought the Bryan
Agreement & later the Bill of Holland & I
saw no reason for not agreeing to this
if we deemed it expedient, but if any
member wanted to consult St. Debt as
to whether it would certainly offer me
297
objection. I strongly advised against demanding
what we could do before asking St. Debt as I
believe we ought not to put upon them the
burden of overthrowing any decision made by
us. Williams felt we should decide quickly
first & then ask St. State Dept. Delano agreed to
this.
Williams said not will to adhere this now
& moved to withdraw from present. This
was voted down. Williams & Muller alone
voting AY.
Then as it was unanimous voted that the
Board accepts the principle of the
proposed agreement & that we certain
modifications, which, reserving right in Bill to
determine who it should go into effect before
war over, it should be approved now,
provided St. Debt. interposed no objections
or ground of disloyalty or otherwise.
Sec. H. En Harding & Esch appointed a Committee
to consult St. Debt.
In coming Williams still had latitude
to see him telephon & he assured that
a copy of the vote of both which is to
be submitted to St. Debt with the Re
Bill then he sent to him before him
with W. State Dept.
Williams told him such an arrangement
