depreciated it from any cause.
He said the Board was perfectly willing to
put the Bill on a party or anti-red. He was
most intimate intimate intimate of this: if the Board was
willing to do this Mr. Meador had never told
us of it. I said, however, that the Board
could not be satisfied with this; that it
seemed to them anomalous to have the say
parade at a meeting of a Board of which
the members danced only on light or anti-red;
that the very fact of diversity in rank
of elects tended to magnify the importance
of the seat as a member and to diminish
the importance of the other members.
I told him frankly that the Board should
be given a status just below a member
of Congress and above the Commissary of State
Debt, of the Selective General, as well as above
anti-red.
He said this would make the Board more
obstructive than ever as it would suit
their tastes. I told him what Harding said as to the
possibility of changes in the personnel of
the Bill, or in the law by Congress. He said
they might design of doing anything to put
a small politician to wellknown states & individuals
that if the Presidents were to see the
constitution he would take some of
them by the strength of the neck. He said he was
unwilling to show the weaknessness to the
Board but I believe he has already seen this.
Mr. Meador can not see the other side of
this question -- he can not comprehend
"what the other fellow is thinking of."
The other board the 3 members and
prohibits also Orleans do not quite understand
or appreciate the Secy's point.
Each side is destructively jealous and
unproductive of the other and I am
fearful it bodies trouble for the Board
in the future.
I am inclined now to the belief that it
would have been better not to have had
the Secy made chairman of the Board and
to have merely given him a seat on the
Board, or even not to have him on the
Board at all. His instinct remains and
I am afraid must still remain jealous
and jealous.
Now can I see any good reason for putting
the Comissary on the Bill. He is merely the
head of a Treasury Bureau under the
control of the Secy or to every thing except
expenditure of money, horribly, and care of
financial resources by which he is directly
under the feet of the Board.
