also that Lynch Manning notes were to be
deposited w. accepting as or collated
& that he had obtained assurance from
Mr. Galt that no Mortgagem could ever be
applied to these acceptances and further
that existing privileges of export of gold
from France should not apply to them.
He then stated they were practically loans to
a few. Ent & that apart for renewal turned
them into long term loans. He asked that
the privilege of renewal or substitute did
not differ from the ordinary loan of credit
to an individual & that no directors could be
forced enough to lend them be extended indefinitely.
He then said these loans might or should be
lent & pointed out that there was no more
danger here than in case of any similar foreign
purchase & that it was absurd to think
a foreign bank would think of repudiating
its obligations, especially when securities held
securely.
He also said all these exports should be sold
for cash. I replied that the domestic Markets
would get cash from Brown Brothers & cant any
liability on the Bank -- as they would not
draw or sign them in any way. That an insured
our banker gave the cash to our Merchant and
31
loaned to them pay to funds to be furnished
by the bearer -- the foreign bank; that if
our foreign trade were to be relegated to a
cash basis & our banks forbidden to lend
their credit in moving exports it would
effectually put an embargo on our export
trade, as credit not cash in its underlying
structure just as in domestic trade.
Harding added that if Miller's views were
published as those of Mr. Board, credit
would quickly crack and we should have
a financial panic.
Board meeting was on Thursday Aug. 5.
Mr. Ward. Aug. 4, took up matter with
Harrison and counsel, Elliott being away.
He wrote me that our letter of July 28
(founded on Elliotts opinion of July 9) was not
warranted by set opinion of July 9; that
that opinion merely was intended to say
that bankers old not hesitate to give
renewal or substitute acceptances when
the holder was bound to renew, but if
holder was hard of maturity the bank
old give new acceptances to draw.
I then prepared a new draft of letter
to Mr. Strong: Miller vehemently fought
it, but Board voted for me to put it --
which w. talk of convene for meeting
Aug. 12. 1861. President in. cap. Board. Committee.
