and status of the Bd were not fixed.
He said a new draft of by laws should be
printed covering all disputed questions.
I said again as did also Looms that this was
injurious to me. He said he would vote for a
by law giving the Board, Looms, and
Wilson, one vote or any 2 or 3 members to call
a special meeting at any time, without
the consent of the Board. He said
that Miller & Warburg also would. I said
I doubted this as I believed they were
against giving any power to the Board to call
a meeting.
Dr Miller down in the 10th room after Looms had
left said it was evident the members were
not giving out another the sentiment Looms
and myself have which they ought and
that it was in ineradicable to leave Miles
and down every one powerfully against
Warburg when with Looms Harding said
that this was a Democratic Board each
member having as much power as the
rest of the members and that he had
written the rest. That he would divide
his action only in a full Board meeting.
He seemed very indignant that the Board
should assume the right to call him
to account.
has a remark made by Harding to Looms
about an appointment I gather that they
are to meet tomorrow tonight or tomorrow.
It is more sufficient on my part however.
[Their contention that the Chairman of Board
can not call a meeting is made almost
ridiculous by fact that Miller & Harding
themselves called the meeting for this
morning to meet Warburg.]
Aug. 21. Sat.
Got a long letter to see Meaders stating as family as
I could the point of Harding, Miller & Warburg
Aug. 24. Tuesday
Harding called at my house 9 am in way to bring
going South. So he had had a long letter w.
President Wilson giving quite detail as to his conference
with Roberts of State Department with Burt. Ambrose
and Rich. Crawford as to bringing of cotton by
rail. End to sustain price. So the President being
oblivious.
Said that Miller had changed his views as to
policy of redepositing war acceptances.
Said they had no right to call a big block
of meeting. That he did not care temporarily
when meeting still have been held in
N.Y but felt it was wise to keep w.
Warburg & Miller to head off any appointment
together they might move as the occasion
