2
it was clearly vested in the Board.
Feb. 26.
Board discussed the matter of fixing rates
for rediscount at 100. His boss. Browning and
Harding set rate should be 1/2 1/2 below
the discount rate of the bank for when
the rediscount were made. It subsisted
that this could be unworkable and
that if any difference were found it
should be a deficit. Below rate of the discount
bank at a Treasury meeting Ell. M. loan bank
that rate should be as low as rate for
acceptances but it was pointed out
that the acceptance rate was fixed in
combinations with the whole world.
During this month the Bd seriously objected
to opinion of Atty. Gen. that numerous requests
by the Bd for loan assurances were prohibitive
money to be accounted for through the
auditors for St. debt and asked a Court to
consider w. Atty. Gen. to seek to obtain
a reconsideration of the opinion.
I thought this a loud talking; though it
often bore out to account w. the U.S. then
with 12 Sec. loan & 7500 Nat. loan.
March. 3
Amendment to Mr. Robinson's amendment to the
Board's act found both houses.
President sent it over to Treasury. Sent to
Mr. I. Hotchkiss Sec. M. I would write
to Mr. Robinson his. He said he would write
to Mr. Robinson and as chairman of Board. He seemed
to be eager to do it himself, although I as
ever should have written the letter.
Ever since I wrote Mr. Root with the matter
for his sketch to have possibility of
transmission in future under lowered
usual requirements of Mr. Root.
March 4.
Discussed rediscount rates again. Harding said
Col. Brown of Atlanta a director of the Res
Bank and a cousin of Purditt Wilson had
just had a long interview with Sec. M.
and had returned here a wild rumor. Said
Atlanta and board bureau to rediscount
even when they did not want to. That
Atlanta did not all the money 10 1/2
had wanted a rate of 2 1/2 1/2 etc.
Harding said that he found the
bureau there were overpractising at
of strong rate of 4 1/2; that a 2 1/2 1/2
rate, if it did not result in lower
rates to continue would be a great
