an American, (I speak in a political point of view,) for I know no
reason why an American should not take rank and assert it too about
any of the artificial distinctions that Europe has made. We have
no aristocratic grades, no titles of nobility, no ribbons and garters
and crosses and other gew-gaws that please the great babies of
Europe, and we therefore to take rank below or above them; I
say above them, and I hope that every American who comes abroad
will feel that he is bound for his own this date to take that stand
I don't mean ostentatiously or offensively, or obtrusively, but he ought
to have an American self respect. An American gentleman is equal
to any title or rank in Europe, Kings and Empires not exception.
Why should not? By what law are we bound to consider ourselves
inferior, because we have stamped folly upon the artificial and
unguarded remnants of feudal barbarism? Cooper sees and feels the absurdity of these distinctions, and he asserts his American rank, and maintains it
too, I believe from a pure Patriotism. Such a man deserves
the support and respect of his countrymen and I have no
doubt he has them, and they remain of a dependent
feeling in our country the relics of our colonial dependance, which
fears to take the tone which the circumstances and situation and
just principles, and character of our country, through the goodness
of God, enjoin upon us. We think like children while we are
men; we depend while we should protect, we follow while we
should lead, we ask advice while we should give it. We are accus
of national vanity and by whom we may have shame, but no nation
the Europe can charge us with this motive, which each has a beam
of its own. Our self respect, or National vanity, is a virtue, for it is
the maintenance of our sound political and religious principles, and
these principles we must fearlessly and openly support, or be despised.
But I must stop, I have so much to say on this kindred topic
that I should conclude the whole day if I were to give them utterance.
You may publish part of the above if you like yet they were not intended for publication. The
