Utica Daily Gazette.
Wednesday Morning, June 5, 1844.
FOR PRESIDENT,
HENRY CLAY.
FOR VICE PRESIDENT,
THEODORE FREILINGHUYSEN.
The Clay Club State Convention,
Will assemble at 11 o'clock this fore-
noon at the Methodist Episcopal Chapel,
on Bleecker Street.
T. S. FAXTON,
T. R. WALKER,
P. V. KELLOGG,
GEO. S. DANA,
HIRAM GREENMAN
Wednesday, June 5, 1844.
Committee
of
Arrangements.
If anything could add to the intense interest with
which the proceedings of the late Baltimore Convention
were regarded, the triumphant success of such
an invention as Prof. Morse's telegraph, was an
event calculated to produce such effect. It is fortunate
indeed that this great experiment was first tried
at a time when all men's minds were fixed upon the
point at which its wonderful powers were at work.
Although for a moment the means by which the intelligence
of important transactions was communicated and in some degree
brought about were lost sight of in the more immediate consequence
of the transactions themselves, yet, when astonishment and
surprise at the result of the Baltimore Convention
shall have subsided and curiosity have become satisfied
as to the why and wherefore, and the whole affair
come to be looked at as not more strange than
a thousand other things that have happened, then
public attention will become concentrated upon a
discovery of more importance than the decisions of
innumerable conventions like that in which it bore
a subordinate part. It was a happy circumstance,
we repeat, that the new telegraph made its first appearance
on the stage of human affairs to take part
in a momentous scene. It was fit that an invention
destined probably to revolutionize all our modes and
systems of business and to exert an incalculable influence
upon the future destiny of the species, should
be ushered into notice dealing with principalities and
powers.
Nor was the part taken in these transactions by
this telegraph a mere display to gratify curiosity.
It performed an important duty, accomplishing that
which without its assistance would probably not
have been done at all. Had the telegraph not been
broken up on Wednesday evening and the decision
of Mr. Wright to be the candidate for the Vice
Presidency would have become known too late to
be remedied. But by means of this wonderful mes-
