by the results exhibited. At that time the communication was perfected twenty-two miles, and the experiments were performed over that distance. Since then the wires have been laid as far as Baltimore, 40 miles, and the operation, as appears above, is still completely successful. It seems hardly credible that, by means of this mysterious influence, one may converse with a person twenty, or forty, or a hundred, or a thousand miles off, with almost as much ease and rapidity as though the two were face to face, yet such is the fact! At least the conveyance of intelligence from one mind to the other requires little, if any, more time than would be necessary to write and read the information communicated. In the very valuable and interesting report of Mr. Ellsworth, the Commissioner of Patents, and the accompanying papers, lately published, there is a description of the electro-magnetic telegraph, illustrated by plates; and with the help of this we shall endeavor to give our readers some idea, imperfect though it may be, of one of the great improvements of the age, and destined, the Commissioner thinks, to exercise a vast, and, it is believed, happy effect in the transmission of intelligence from one section of the country to another.
The electro-magnet, says the Commissioner, is the basis upon which this whole invention rests. This magnet is produced by coiling around a bar of soft iron, made in the form of a horse-shoe, copper-wire previously covered, similar to hamlet-wire, and varnished to prevent metallic contact with each other and the iron. The two terminations of the wire thus surrounding the iron in a spiral form, are brought out at each end of the curved bar and are connected, one with the zinc pole of a galvanic battery, the other with the platinum; the battery being prepared in the usual manner with its corroding acid, produces galvanic electricity, which starts off from one pole of the battery, follows the wire around the soft iron, and returns to the other pole of the battery by the other wire—thus forming a complete circuit. The galvanic fluid is now passing the whole length of the wire, and, while thus passing, the curved iron becomes a strong magnet. By connecting the two ends of the bent iron with a bar of similar soft iron, it will support many pounds weight. If, while in this condition, one of the wires is removed from the battery, the cross bar falls, and with it its weights. The curved iron returns instantly to its original state. It is unmagnetized. Complete the circuit, as at first, and in an instant it is again a magnet. Break the circuit, and it ceases to be a magnet. If the battery is placed 100, or 2,000, or 10,000 feet from the magnet, yet, when the one is connected with the other by intervening wires, the effect upon the magnet is the same—making it a magnet when the circuit is complete, and vice versa when it is broken. In this way, power is produced at a point of considerable distance from the generating agent, and wholly at the command of the operator at the battery to make or destroy the power produced with the utmost possible rapidity."
These being the principles of the operation of the fluid, a very ingenious, yet simple machinery is constructed for their practical application, provided with a little clock work apparatus, by means of which arbitrary marks, representing letters and figures are indented on a strip of paper, in form of a ribbon, which is coiled up on a roller and unwinds by the action of the machinery. The precise process, of course, can hardly be intelligibly explained without the plates.—The telegraphic alphabet is merely a series of dots, short lines and long lines, impressed upon the paper like the raised letters used by the blind—the length of the indentations and the intervening spaces depending upon the rapidity with which the electric circuit is closed and broken by the operator, who has, as said above, the entire control of it. The paper to be imprinted, being fixed upon a revolving cylinder, records despatches day and night; and this without ink, as the impressions are easily read even by the blind.—The records of the night continue entered in the morning. The alphabet is easily learned.
The rapidity of communication is truly astonishing; it is instantaneous. The rate at which the electric magnetic fluid passes, according to Mr Wheatstone, is 388,000 miles, (equal to 111/2 times around the globe) in one second. The following experiment tried at Washington, related by Mr Ellsworth, shows the rapidity of transmission very forcibly. As the train of cars was coming from Baltimore, a person stationed 4 miles off, at the instant the locomotive was opposite to him, gave notice of the fact that the cars were coming; and this news was received, and the acknowledgment of its reception at Washington returned, before the last car of the train had passed.—As each circuit, to be complete, must, in both cases, reach from one end to the other, and back, the whole distance, thus traversed in the time mentioned above, must have been 16 miles, besides the stopping of the machinery. So whatever the distance, the communication would be apparently instantaneous. We saw repeated instances of this lightning-like passage and return over twenty-two miles. When the Professor at Washington wished to call the attention of the person at the other extremity of the wires, he would close the circuit and give the necessary signal, and would hardly have ceased the requisite motion before a reply was received from his attendant, 22 miles off, that he was ready to communicate. Distance is absolutely annihilated. Experiments have already been made in this country, with wires of 160 miles in length, insulated in ends, with perfect success. Professor Morse has also discovered the astonishing fact that two galvanic currents may be passed in the same wire, in opposite directions, without interference with their respective functions; that intelligence may thus be transmitted through a single wire, at the same time, from opposite points—the two currents passing each other without any detention.
Among the numerous great and obvious advantages mentioned as likely to result from this mode of communication, the most amusing is that criminals will be deterred from the commission of crimes, under the hope of escape upon the "iron horse;" for the mandate of justice, outrunning their flight, will greet their arrival at the first stopping place. Just imagine the astonishment of a criminal who fancies himself escaping from the clutches of the law with all the speed of steam, as some old Hays, scores of miles from the scene of the crime which he committed but an hour ago as it were, touches him on the shoulder and says "you're my customer," telling the rogue as much about his offence as he knows himself!
