and especially, of the Native American Association
against foreign influence! I shall myself have to
suffer by those restrictions, which may be found necessary
to be laid upon the rights of immigrants, but I see,
that something must be done, to preserve the last asylum
of liberty in this much oppressed world, and, consequently,
I approve of every sound measure tending to accomplish
such a noble purpose. If there was another good German
paper in this city, I should make use of its columns, to
defeat the intrigues of these intrigants, whom I am
ashamed to call my countrymen. As this, however, is
not the case, I must, at least, endeavour, to free myself
from their snare, and place myself in a more independent
situation. For, Dr. Julius, with whom I had the misfortune
to meet several times in the city of Boston, and who,
by the indiscretion of a gentleman in that place, became
acquainted with all the contents of my manuscript,
will, no doubt, lay as many plots against me, as
he is able to do. Yesterday evening I was informed,
that he anxiously enquired after me and the fate of my
little book. With respect to the latter, he obtained satisfactory
news -- the publication of my little treatise
is not at all likely to take place. But as to me, the field
of operation is yet widely open for him.
Let me, then, ask your assistance, sir; the circumstances,
under which I am labouring, may excuse my importance
I wish, you could procure me employment as compositor
in the office of the New-York Observer, or in some other
establishment, where the proprietors and editors are Protestants
and true patriots. Though my skill in this business is
but very limited, yet, I hope, my work will be found
correct, and sufficient to procure me the most necessary
means of subsistence. Unacquainted with the character
of the different printers in New-York, I cannot choose for
myself, and, even, if I could, I would meet with no success,
being a stranger, and having no recommendations.
Were it in your power, to do something for
me, I should consider it as a great favour.
