3
upon it.— This clerk whoever he is, is made to father it, and he might
have been the translator. If you can ferret the truth out, and expose
this contemptible meanness by ascertaining, as I think you can, whether
Nizard actually wrote it, I should delight to see the authors arraigned
at the bar of public opinion for their tricks.
You will want to know about the picture. I have done nothing
to it as yet, for the want of proper accommodations. I am now in excel-
lent apartments over the bookstore of the Carvills, (the rooms formerly
the Athenæum,) I have them a year from May, and one of them will make
an excellent Exhibition room for the picture when it is finished.— My
time for 10 or 12 days past has been occupied in answering a pamphlet
of Col. Trumbull who came out for the purpose of justifying his opposi-
tion to measures which had been devised for uniting the two Academies.
I send you the first copy hot from the press. There is a great deal to
dishearten in the state of feeling, or rather state of no feeling on the
arts in this city. The only way I can keep up my spirits is by resolutely
resisting all disposition to repine, and by fighting perseveringly against
all the obstacles that hinder the progress of art. I have been told
several times since my return that I was born 100 years too soon for the
arts in our country. I have replied if that be the case, I will try and
make it but 50.— I am more and more persuaded that I have quite as much
to do with the pen for the arts as the pencil, and if I can, in my day,
so enlighten the public mind as to make the way easier for those that come
after me, I don't know that I shall not have served the cause of the fine
arts as effectively as by painting pictures which might be appreciated
100 years after I am gone. If I am to be the Pioneer, and am fitted
for it, why should I not glory as much in felling the trees and clearing
away the rubbish as in showing the decorations suited to a more advanced
state of cultivation? Do remember me with the greatest respect and esteem
to Mrs. Cooper and your family; I will be a better correspondent in future.—
98197
