We have already extended this article over as much
space as we can well afford now, although much more
might be said. We can only add that the expense of
laying the wires on posts, as adopted by the Professor,
does not exceed $150 per mile. They may also be laid
beneath the ground, in pipes, as circumstances may
render advisable. Mr Morse is constantly making im-
provements and new discoveries which simplify the
process of transmission, and his efforts in the cause of
science deserve the profoundest gratitude of his coun-
trymen and of mankind. His room, where he oper-
ates, is in the Capitol; and it is very probable that,
at no distant day, the printers in Boston and New Or-
leans will be setting the types for the President's
Message and important public speeches, while they
are being delivered! Congress appropriated $30,000
at the last session to test the merits of the Telegraph,
and there is no reason why, if successful, it should
not be extended to Philadelphia, New York and Bos-
ton.
Dr. Page, of the Patent Office, to whom we are in-
debted for the document from which we have compiled
most of the above information, has paid much atten-
tion to the subject of electro-magnetism, and has con-
structed several beautiful and ingenious machines to
illustrate the application of the power. The Dr's re-
port is full of valuable and interesting scientific infor-
mation and we shall endeavor to recur to it, more at
length, hereafter.
AMERICAN REPUBLICAN.
New-York, Thursday, June 13, 1844.
To our Non-subscribing Patrons.
We find it impossible to make any correct estimate of the
number of papers which should be stricken off one day
with another; as we are frequently without "one to our
name" before 9 o'clock, A. M. We do wish that those
who are in the habit of calling for papers at our office,
would subscribe for the same, and thus afford a kind relief
from that sympathy which so troubles us when we cannot
supply our friends with the American Republican.
Morse's Magnetic Telegraph.
It is a matter of pride to us, as Americans,
that Professor MORSE, whose achievements in
the world of Science will send his name to
posterity, even on the wings of the lightning, is
an American citizen—a New Yorker—but,
more than all, distinguished himself as one of
the earliest and most enthusiastic advocates of
American Republican principles Although it
may now well nigh have been forgotten—so
apathetic and indifferent was then public senti-
ment on this momentous subject—yet there are
some amongst us who still remember the name
of SAMUEL F. B. MORSE as identified with the
earliest movement and organization of the Na-
tive American party—that party which kindled
the holy flame that afterwards burned so
brightly in St. Louis and New Orleans, (where
it is now eclipsed but for a season) and, reflect-
ed back upon the Metropolis, burst out in a
streaming and triumphant blaze of glory here.
All these things make us proud and glad that
we can claim this great, this most estimable
man, as a fellow countryman, fellow citizen,
and elder brother in the cause of American
Republicanism. But more of this hereafter.
We are happy to learn that there is at least a
prospect that the wonderful Telegraph will ex-
tend one of its lightning-clad, nerves within a
twelvemonth or so, from Baltimore to New
York—thus embracing in a simultaneous in-
telligence—an omniscience of information—
the Commercial and Political Capitals of the
country. A writer in the Evening Post says:
He first proposes to sell out to the Govern-
ment the right to the invention for the route
from Washington to New York, for the sum
which the Committee on Commerce, who have
the subject in charge, may decide to be just and
reasonable. He then proposes as an alterna-
tive, to construct the Line of Telegraphs
through to New York, and put it in possession
of the Government, fit for use, for a compensa-
tion to conform with an estimate which he sub-
mits. The plan is to have between Baltimore
and New York, three stations of communica-
tion—Wilmington, Philadelphia, and Trenton,
N. J.—all intelligence to be announced at each
of the four points simultaneously. Here is an
abstract of the estimate:
Distance from Baltimore to New York, 203 miles.
Cost
per mile of double wire on posts according to the estimate
of original report to Congress on the adoption of the scheme
$400.
203 miles at $400 per mile,
TableCell>
$81,000
Instruments, &c.,
Salaries of Superintendent, &c. during construction,
TableCell>
$5,500
Total cost,
Ascertained cost per mile in using posts to sup-
port the wires,
$83,000
At this rate the line of wire for the two hundred
and three miles would cost but
Salaries and instruments as before,
$80,500
But the establishment of the stations at the
intermediate points would require, it seems,
four independent wires; the cost of the addi-
tional ones is put down at $26,360. Adding
this amount to the estimated cost for the whole
distance, at the greatest probable rate per mile,
$400, and you have $116,590, at the cost at the
lesser rate of $350, and you have $106,444 for
the whole distance.
But the improvements which the experience
of two years has enabled Mr. Morse to put in
practice, show that a saving of fifteen per cent.
may be effected upon the above estimates.
To take a mean estimate between these two,
as the projector proposes, will probably be as
sure a means as any other of getting at the real
cost of constructing the Telegraph on the plan
substituted from Baltimore to New York; this
mean amount is $95,868.
The next question is, how will the Govern-
ment be remunerated for this outlay? It is
supposed that it will be chiefly used for pur-
poses of commercial inter-communion. The
expense of keeping up the telegraph is estima-
ted to be only equal to the salaries of two of the
first class Government clerks, that is, $3,000.—
Of course it is impossible to foretell all the im-
provements which will be made in this mode of
intercourse, or how generally it will come to
be used, but it would seem quite safe to assume
that ten times this amount would be collected
from the merchants of the three great cities
which the line will connect, in a single year;
since it must altogether monopolize all the busi-
ness correspondence which requires the great-
est attainable rapidity.
