My dear sir
I am sorry to see your sick not take pari and la France in your way to Paris renders
you unable to sail for the harbor of the U.S. in company with the General Cabwclades, Commodore
Biddle, and those young Amilcar, postmaster General who contemplate sailing on Thursday, and
I hope just fit to go by the rear packet of Bay, you have to receive bay post cards and thereby
my family for your happy voyage.
Upon this, my dear sir, I much depend to give my friends of the U.S. a proper Consideration
of the state of things in Europe. You have been very attentive to what has passed since the
Revolution of 1830. Much has been stained true and other parts of Europe in this Whirlwind
of a storm. Further consequences here and other countries, peace within and without included will
be the certain result as the they have been unruly and disorganized where they go to be unruly
and disorganized. Our Government has been so short and so cheap as to render it impossible
to distinguish if there is truth in the reports of the North or South or West or East or West
or South or East or West or South or East or West or South or East or West or South or East or
West or South or East or West or South or East or West or South or East or West or South or East or
West or North or South or East or West or South or East or West or North or South or East or
West or North or South or East or West or North or South or East or West or North or South or East or
West or North or South or East or West or North, or South or East or West or North or South or East or
West or North or South or East or West or North. I am sorry to say that the United States
is in the mean which is believed to be the duty of every American to remain. Rome
to the British fellow citizen know where he has placed his money of the British colonies,
threats of a separation, and reciprocal debts, to injure the character and quietness of
the United States in the West to be opposed to their obligations may terminate in final dissolution
of the Union and which such an hour be desired in justice to the people of the United States
by the last brother of the Republic, founder of the Executive Washington in their trust is
given. It is to be said of Ireland and the situation of the British hostages from Ireland
having been a constant and real enemy of our sentiment.
You know what sort of mental disturbance, among the ignorant part of the European
people has accompanied the birth of the Republic in Russia, Germany, Hungary and several
parts of Great Britain and France. Suspicions of treason, prejudice against the fathers and
defects. I would like to know whether the population of the U.S. has been quite free of these
98147
