passenger, we are told information of his unexpected
nomination was conveyed to Mr. Wright, who was
at his lodgings in Washington, 40 miles distant, in
five minutes, and in an equally short space of time
Mr. Wright made up his mind and informed the
convention to what effect. Then word came that
Col. Young wished to have a few minutes private
conversation with Mr. Wright, and forthwith these
cautious old politicians, the one at Baltimore,
the other in Washington, were whispering in each
other's ears, with as much ease as if sitting together
in the same room! Perhaps the distance did dimin-
ish the potency of the Colonel's exhortations, for
Wright continued inflexible, "deaf to his entreaties,"
at least so far as granting them was concerned. He
was then told that a committee were starting to come
down to talk with him over night, and so they did
come, probably some two hours afterwards, by that
antiquated mode of conveyance once thought to be
rapid, the railroad! As the Washington Spectator has it, "the locomotive with the mail train has
just come thundering along, bearing the news of the
nominations received here two hours ago by the
lightning express." What a vivid conception of
the change does this single sentence present! The
resistless locomotive, clad like a war horse in pan-
oply of steel, cutting its way over hill and dale fast-
er than the wind and breathing fire and smoke in
giantlike respirations reverberating along the valleys, astonishing the natives, frightening the cattle,
and almost enough, one would think, to make the
dead rise on their elbows in their graves to see what
was passing, this mighty engine, but late the wonder of the world, the "observed of all observers,"
the theme of the poet and the philosopher, the proud-
est triumph of human skill, coming in, panting and
blowing with its vain exertions, infinitely worse
distanced than the sorriest nag it ever rushed proudly by and more insignificant than any yelping puppy that ever barked at its wheels.
There appears to have been some show of enthusiasm at the close of the proceedings of the convention on Wednesday afternoon. Were not the extraordinary events then occurring enough to have
a awakened enthusiasm in the dullest breast? Within ten minutes from the result of the final ballot for
President being made known, there came into the
room of the convention this message from the Capitol: "The Democracy of the Union to their democratic brethren at Baltimore: Three cheers for James
K. Polk!" Does any one wonder that such an occurrence produced an electrical effect upon the assembly?
There is no end to the conjectures that might be
made of the uses to which this invention, unquestionably the greatest of the present age, may be applied. Already it has been used to communicate
information to stop the passage of a check obtained
by fraudulent means and to ascertain the goodness
of another, even while the passer stood at the bank
counter. It must paralyze rogery. The police in
