for publication, and you may say this, if you publish them. It is time we
should assume a more American tone, while Europe is still fearing no stone
will turn to vilify and traduce us, because the rotten dispositions of Europe
fear our example and hate us; you are not aware perhaps that the Bol-
lax system is political altogether, you think that because we know the
principles of individuals, and despise her about, that England and Europe
are the same. You are mistaken. They wish to know no good of us,
and that too amongst a class who, you see, would think them better
in their books published on America; it is also translating into French, and
will be passed and established by France who is just entering upon the
system of vilification that England has been pursuing ever since
we as colonies resisted her oppressive measures, Tory England Anti-
dictic England is the same now towards us as the way then, we
may deceive ourselves of America's love for her Constitution
of America's love for her Institutions
manifested by religious and benevolent men towards each other, but
we shall be waiting in our usual Yankee penetration of these good
feeling of these excellent and honorable men, shall lead us to think that
their governments are actuated by the same kindly feeling. No, they
hate us, cordially hate us. We should not disguise the truth, and
I will venture to say, that no genuine American, one who loves his
country and her distinctive principles, can live abroad in any of
the countries of Europe and not be thoroughly convinced, that Europe
is the enemy of America as it is, have no feeling of cordiality towards
other countries. America is the enemy held to the Popular principle, Europe is the Despotic,
then cannot much harm but a little space to add, that the Cholera is again
on the increase in Paris, 100 deaths p'day.
This will be handed you by Dr. Smith who has been a friend of mine
and I wish you to show him any attention in your power, he has been in
Paris through the whole Cholera season, and will publish his observations
which will be exceedingly valuable, give him all the assistance in your
power, introduce him to Dr. Matthews, and act the Dr. to introduce him to the Chief
Lieutenant Charles, Louisa and dear boys
Yr Aff. brother in law
Sam J. F. Moser
