AMERICAN.
BALTIMORE.
Wednesday Morning, May 31, 1844.
Published every morning at No. 2 South Gay
street by DOBBIN, MURPHY & BOSE.
MORSE'S MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.—The
chamber in the Railroad depot, Pratt street, in which
is placed the eastern station of the Electro-Magnetic
Telegraph of Professor Morse, continues to be filled
throughout the day with wondering spectators; and
the same scene is also presented at the south-western
station in the Capitol at Washington. The Telegraph
is completely successful in its operations, and consti-
tutes one of the most remarkable and astonishing tri-
umphs which the science and ingenuity of man have
ever achieved. Communications are now made be-
tween the cities of Baltimore and Washington with
the rapidity of lightning, and with perfect clearness
and accuracy. The whole arrangement is one of
great simplicity, and when the spectator stands at the
telegraphic table and sees the operator transmit a mes-
sage by a wire forty miles in length and receive an
answer back through the same medium—all in the
space of a few seconds—he cannot but be struck with
wonder and admiration. Professor MORSE has gain-
ed for himself an imperishable name, and we doubt
not that in due time he will be called on by the Gov-
ernment to prolong his magical lines to the extent of
hundreds of miles.
The Washington Standard states that on Wednes-
day there was a large number of gentlemen assembled
at the Capitol to hear the Telegraphic despatches
from Baltimore, as they were successively received.—
It was proposed that the thanks of those present be
tendered to Professor Morse, which was concurred in
generally, and the following resolution was offered by
Mr. George B. Wallis, correspondent of the Ohio States-
men, which was unanimously adopted, and three cheers
given for the Professor and his invention, to which he
returned his sincere thanks for the compliment:
Resolved, That the thanks of this meeting be and
they are hereby tendered to Professor Morse, for the
promptitude with which he has reported, via his Elec-
tro Magnetic Telegraph, the proceedings of the several
Baltimore political Conventions; and that we consider
his invention as worthy the countenance and support
of the Government.
Salem Register May 30. 1844
* Mr. W. has received his
letter, and
reduces his
1844
MORSE'S MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.
This new invention is completed from Baltimore to
Washington. The wire, perfectly secured against the
weather by a covering of rope yarn and tar, is con-
ducted on the top of posts about 20 feet high, and 100
yards apart.
The nominations of the Convention on Monday were
to be conveyed to Washington by this Telegraph,
where they would arrive in a few seconds.
On Saturday morning the Batteries were charged,
and the regular transmission of intelligence between
Washington and Baltimore commenced, as we learn
from the Baltimore Patriot. A large number of gen-
tlemen were present to see the operations of this truly
astonishing contrivance. Many admitted to the room
had their names sent down, and in less than a second
the apparatus in Baltimore was put in operation by
the attendant in Washington, and before the lapse of
a half minute the same names were returned plainly
written. At half past 11 o'clock, A. M. the question
being asked “What the news was at Washington?”
the answer was almost instantaneously returned, “Van
Buren stock is rising”—meaning of course that his
chances were strengthening to receive the nomination
of Monday last. The time of day was also enquired
for, when the response was given from the capital—
“forty-nine minutes past eleven.” At this period it
was also asked how many persons were spectators to
the Telegraphic experiments in Washington—the an-
swer was “sixteen.” After which a variety of names
were sent up from Washington, some with their com-
pliments to friends in Baltimore, whose names had
just been transmitted to them. Several items of pri-
vate intelligence were also transmitted backwards and
forwards, one of which was an order to an agent in
Baltimore not to pay a certain bill. The electric fluid
proved too slow, for it had been paid a few minutes
before.
At half past 12 o'clock, the following was sent to
Washington—“Ask a reporter in Congress to send a
despatch to the Baltimore Patriot at 2 p. m.” In a-
bout a minute the answer came back thus, “It will be
attended to.”
2 o'clock, p. m.—The despatch has arrived, and is
as follows:—
One o'clock.—There has been a motion in the House
to go into Committee of the Whole on the Oregon
question. Rejected 2 aves 79, nays 86.
Half past one.—The House is now engaged on pri-
vate bills.
Quarter to two.—Mr. Atherton is now speaking in
the Senate.
Mr. S. will not be in Baltimore to-night.
So that Baltimore papers are thus enabled to give
their readers information from Washington up to the
very hour of going to press. This is indeed the anni-
hilation of space.
We had the pleasure of witnessing the wonderful
operation of this Telegraph two or three weeks ago,
and, in common with all others who have seen it, were
indeed astonished, delighted and intensely interested
