Mr. Leavent Harris to be charge the Affairs of the U.S. in the Court of France; I have felt it a duty from which I cannot escape to express my surprise at such a choice. I cannot believe that the then the Senate will confirm this nomination; for with Mr. Lewis our late Ambassador in their body, they will not be ignorant of the Character of the man who is proposed to be put to the Senate at such an important court and at such an important a crisis in the present. I was in Paris in the autumn of the last year at the time when this gentleman was in the ministerial journals of France and Gen. Burnside in his own country, thereby giving occasion to the General enemies to triumph, and to cite this gentleman as authority, he having been entitled "as it was formally declared, by the Government of the U.S. with many important missions." In the controversy on the Finance question, compatriots of a free and a monarchical government, and in which Gen. Lafayette was deeply interested and in which he sought and obtained the powerful aid of Cooper, our distinguished and patriotic countryman, Mr. Harris, to the satisfaction of every genuine American in Paris was found in the ranks of the monarchical party, and contributes greatly to the manifestation of the General's intention and feelings of the Government of the U.S. in favor of the friends of Liberty and of every American in France. If every American in France could not be more completely accomplished than by Mr. Harris, you will believe me my dear Sir when I say I have no party views and no private ends to gain by speaking thus freely, against
Mr. Leavent Harris to be charge the Affairs of the U.S. in the Court of France; I have felt it
a duty from which I cannot escape to express my surprise at such a choice. I cannot
believe that the then the Senate will confirm this nomination; for with Mr. Lewis our
late Ambassador in their body, they will not be ignorant of the Character of the man who is
proposed to be put to the Senate at such an important court and at such an important a crisis in the present. I was in Paris in the autumn of the
last year at the time when this gentleman was in the ministerial journals of France and Gen. Burnside in his own country, thereby giving occasion to the General
enemies to triumph, and to cite this gentleman as authority, he having been entitled "as it was formally declared, by the Government of the U.S. with
many important missions." In the controversy on the Finance question, compatriots of a free and a monarchical government, and in which Gen. Lafayette was deeply
interested and in which he sought and obtained the powerful aid of Cooper, our distinguished and patriotic countryman, Mr. Harris, to the satisfaction of every genuine American
in Paris was found in the ranks of the monarchical party, and contributes greatly to the manifestation of the General's intention and feelings of the Government of the U. S. in favor of the friends of Liberty and of every American in France. If every American in France could not be more completely accomplished than by Mr. Harris you will believe me my dear Sir when I say I have no party views and no private ends to gain by speaking thus freely, against
