my memory, crowned by this last strange act of appointing the very
man who alone of all the Americans, opposed your side of the question.
I cannot escape from the conviction that there has been some intrigue
of the kind I have suggested. I merely suspect, I know nothing positive
but supposing my suspicions correct, an easy explanation is given to some of
the accusations to which I have alluded, the quitting of Mr. Rivers in authority
by Mr. Perrier, the selection of the new, by the Senate, as a
pretext for the appointment of Mr. Davis, and the mistake, not now corrected,
in the sentiments expressed from the same quarter unfavourable to the
Union, before it was formally announced, and to the extreme indignation
by Mr. Harris to the ministerial party, and his remarks, is anything of
the open and court attacks against Congress for having espoused your
cause, all these my dear General, would be the natural consequence
of the intrigues I suppose to have existent, and I own that my
chants is put to the stretch to account for all these strange acts
on any other plan of interpretation. - Because the
dear General, in which I have talked out my sentiments, I
suppose to have been a subject, the concept of
our principles, they have come out of the late doubtful health furnace like
fine gold; a few weeks ago and even the firmest hearts began to fear for
the Union, all were looking with anxiety for the denunciation of the Shot,
and now such confidence in the stability of our institutions, and
all is conciliation, public and private animosities, have suddenly given
way to mutual vengeance, from North to South
one sentiment of joy is heard, the sudden breaking up and dispersion of the
dark clouds that hung over us, has surpassed all. It is impossible to give
a European who knows no other purpose than the Sword in controversy
not a hundred part so serious as those which have just agitated this country,
any idea of the operation of a morally and intellectually enlightening
public opinion. Hence their profusions in reasoning upon the exciting
to the Station of Charge of Affairs
them in Paris openly
opposed your side of the question.
I cannot escape from the conviction that there has been some intrigue
of this kind I have suggested. I merely suspect, I know nothing positive
but supposing my suspicions correct, an easy explanation is give to some of
the accusations to which I have alluded, the quitting of Mr. Rivers in authority
[unclear, possibly 'by Mr. Perrier, the selection of the new, by the Senate, as a
pretext for the appointment of [unclear, possibly 'Mr. Davis', and the mistake, not now corrected,
in the sentiments expressed from the same quarter unfavourable to the
[unclear, possibly 'Union, before it was formally announced, and to the extreme indignation
by Mr. Harris to the ministerial party, [unclear, possibly 'and his remarks, is anything of
the open and court attacks against Congress for having espoused your
[unclear, possibly 'cause, all these my dear General, would be the natural consequence
of the intrigues I suppose to have existent, [unclear, possibly 'and I own that my
chants is put to the stretch to account for all these strange acts
[unclear, possibly 'on any other plan of interpretation. - Because the
[unclear, possibly 'dear General, in which I have talked out my sentiments, I
[unclear, possibly 'suppose to have been a subject, the concept of
[unclear, possibly 'our principles, they have come out of the late doubtful health furnace like
[unclear, possibly 'fine gold; a few weeks ago and even the firmest hearts began to fear for
[unclear, possibly 'the Union, all were looking with anxiety for the denunciation of the Shot,
[unclear, possibly 'and now such confidence in the stability of our institutions, and
[unclear, possibly 'all is conciliation, public and private animosities, have suddenly given
[unclear, possibly 'way to mutual vengeance, from North to South
[unclear, possibly 'one sentiment of joy is heard, the sudden breaking up and dispersion of the
[unclear, possibly 'dark clouds that hung over us, has surpassed all. It is impossible to give
[unclear, possibly 'a European who knows no other purpose than the Sword in controversy
[unclear, possibly 'not a hundred part so serious as those which have just agitated this country,
[unclear, possibly 'any idea of the operation of a morally and intellectually enlightening
[unclear, possibly 'public opinion. Hence their profusions in reasoning upon the exciting
98206
