From the Daily Advertiser.]
CELEBRATION IN PARIS FOR THE FOURTH OF JULY.—
The Americans in Paris, to the number of eighty,
sent out to a special dinner on the Fourth of
July, at Louis XV's Bay Richard's, to celebrate
the Anniversary of Independence. Samuel F. B. Morse,
the President of the Academy of Design, was the
President of the day and James Fenimore Cooper,
President Vice-Commander. Among the important guests were
General Lafayette, Mr. Rives, Mr. Enfield and Major
Isler; General Bernard, Adm to the King; Messrs.
C. W. Lafayette and Oscar Lafayette, son and
grandson of the late Lafayette, our Consul.
Citizens from almost every city were present.
The Editions of the Daily Advertiser have received
the following order of the proceedings from a friend
in Paris:
Gen. Lafayette was on the right, and Mr. Rives
on the left, of the President. Professor Horrey, of
Amherst College, invoked the blessing. The following
are the three regular texts that were drunk on the occasion:
1. The Festival we celebrate.—A beautiful memorial
of the origin and principles of the Government.
2. Before giving the address to the President, rose
and made the following observations:
"I cannot propose the next toast, Gentlemen, so
intimately connected with the last, without advert-
ing to the great and noble sentiments and measures we thus
day enjoy, above the thousands and millions of thousands of
thousands of our countrymen who are at this moment celebrating this great National Festival:
the honor and pleasure of being at our board our
venerable guest, my right hand, Mr. Horsey, whose
two words claim as their own. Yes, gentlemen, he belongs to America as well as to Europe. He is our
faithful citizen and his untiring voice in our
country would cry out against us, did he not manifest our nation's interest in his person and character.
With the masses of European politics we have
nothing to do; to the great general advances of good or bad government we cannot make satisfaction with
the success of one or that faction we can have no sympathy; but with the great principles of Republican Liberty, Civil and Religious Liberty, those
principles for which our fathers fought, the blessings of
our Fathers, and which he has steadily maintained for a long life, "through good reports and through evil reports," "through joy and sorrow," "We should not be
Amricans if we did not sympathize with them, we can
compromise one iota of these principles, and preserve our self-respect as loyal American citizens.
They are the principles of order and good government, of obedience to law; the principles under
Providence have made our country unparalleled in prosperity, principles which rest not in visionary theory, but are made palpable by the sure test of experiment and time.
But, gentlemen, we honor our guest as the staunch
unwavering defender of these principles, of our principles, of American principles. Has he ever deserted
them? Has he ever been known to abandon them,
there are some men, some toe who would
vish to direct public opinion, who are like the buoyy
on the river, who swing up and down in the current
setting this way and that way. If at an emergency,
there they are, we cannot tell you, we must consult the situation. We must know the quarter of
the day, the hour, the tide, the wind, the
tide, and they are, we may guess where they will find them. But, gentlemen, our guest is not of this
flaky character. He is a Tower amid the waters; his foundation is in the deep; his anchor is in
the flood and flow of the stream; the storm may gather
the waters may rise, and even dash above his head
but the flood subsides at last, and still he stands upon
ground. We have already arrived at the point where
the fullest confidence we point to where he stood six
and twenty years ago. He stands there now. The
water is still rising, but the waves have dashed
around him, the snow of the storm is lighted upon
him, but still he is there. I ask you there are lighted
up in his dark eyes, in his brightened eyes, unsullied
in its darkest—Lafayette!
This speech was interrupted with applause at almost every sentence, and the sentiments greeted by
noble cheers. The band played the Parisienne, after
which the General rose to reply.
After having expressed his acknowledgements for
the toast, and the manner in which it had been
received, he thus continued in a feeling manner:
"While on this happy occasion, I wish to commemorate of our great Fourth of July, I am delighted to
breathen among you, an American atmosphere; it
reminds me even to this mind the youthful recollection of a first, patriotic love, and the great occasion of
friendships formed in times of trial and danger.
It also retraces the subsequent forty years of
calamities, sacrifices, confusions, and solitude, be-
stowed by the American people upon a nation
adopted son, and more solely, an unparalleled, daily
holy welcome of more than thirteen months through two-four States of the Union, which in a continued series have come to me, and which I have
cherish a grateful heart. And, while I most feelingly
enjoy the marks of your approbation, expressed in
most flattering terms, to our honorable President,
am happy to acknowledge the proceeds of the
money I have been that day of my solemn reception in
the bosom of Congress, when their President, in the
sentence of the People of United States, did official-
ly declare that every sentiment, every act of every
long eventful life, has proved worthy of a disciple of
the American School."
Well may the people of the United States sympathize in the progressive liberties of Europe; well
may we, as American citizens, take a pride in the
endeavors in the several nations on this side of
the Atlantic to imitate, as far as their own circumstances can permit, the institutions which have
inspired to the United States a greater desire of practical liberty, legal order, public and individual security, and the improvement of industry, than has ever
been known in the history of mankind. I add to
those testimonies of sympathy, after I had formerly
opportunity to acknowledge the high and affectionate consideration for the great
work of July, 1860, so very recently displayed
throughout the United States; let us on this day
be justice to the generous interest they have taken in
the cause of liberty Poland, and particularly
express my gratitude for assistance I have received from the committee at Paris, in the appropria-
tions of American donations, and pay a tribute of
esteem to the late Daniel H. Houston, in execution
of the mission entrusted to him, when carrying
material and moral comfort into the heart of the
Centrals of the United States, and patriots of
Poland; he has caused high pride and warm blessings to be poured upon the American name. And
gentlemen, I shall give you a toast to Republicanism, to the bright daughters of American Independence."
Then followed the other regular toasts:
1. The People, the Institutions, and the President
of the United States. "Order is Heaven's first law."
2. The King of the French and the French nation.
3. The Union: we calculated its value till figures
fail us.
4. The memory of Washington. (Drank standing.)
5. The Army and Navy. Citizens doubly pledged
to Liberty and the Country.
6. To the memory of the dead of the Allied Army
of 1775, and to the health and happiness of the survivors.
7. The city of Paris; admiration for its courage,
respect for its arts, and thanks for its hospitality.
8. Person, Opinion, and Property. May our
Institutions ever respect the two first, and protect the last.
9. The three estates of the Republic; the Pul-
pit, the Schoolhouse, and the Press.
10. To the American art that of Nature, which
Art may supplant, may never survive.
11. The wedded interest of every really American
heart, Home, for better for worse.
After the regalia, the toast, the health of the other
guests, and successful drafts, and handsome replies
made by Mr. Rives, Gen. Bernard, Mr. G. W.
Lafayette, and Mr. Barnet.
The toast to the memory of the day was given:
"The worthy representative of the articles of the
country," Mr. Morse returned his thanks. The
President was then given; "James Fenimore
Coppock's stand," upon remembering the defender of
the distinctive principle of his country, which was
received with the greatest applause. To which Mr.
C. returned his thanks. The Committee of strangers
was also given, who deserved the greatest
credit for their services, and replied to Mr. Mc
Cranckan.
Many piquant Volunteers were given. The company separated at an early hour.
