NEW-YORK:
THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1826.
Morse's Lafayette.—The full length Portrait
of Gen. Lafayette, executed by this artist for
the Corporation of the City, is completed ; and
we understand is to form one of the decorations
of the Dining Room, in the City Hall, at the
coming jubilee. We have seen it, and will at-
tempt a description of it. The General is re-
presented in the plain dress in which he was
commonly seen among us ; a black coat, white
vest, and yellow pantaloons ; and to give pic-
turesqueness to the figure, the artist has added
a cloak of a negative colour, with a partial fa-
cing of crimson velvet, carelessly folded around
him. He is in the act of advancing, upon the
landing, or platform, of a high flight of steps,
which he is supposed to have just ascended.
The platform is a tessellated pavement of va-
riagated marble. The steps are not seen, but
are indicated by a massy balustrade upon his
left. On his right are three richly ornamented
ripii, or half columns, on two of which are the
busts of Washington and Franklin, while La-
fayette rests his right hand on the top of the
tuant cippus. In the background is a distant
country of woods, and plains and mountains,
while here and there, are seen the windings of
a river, now dark from the overshadowings of
the deep foliage on its borders, and now spark-
ling with the reflected light of the sky.
In the extreme distance is the calm ocean ;
the whole landscape lies in quiet, repose bask-
ing in the warm light of the setting sun. The sky
is in harmony with the landscape ; it is a gor-
geous sunset ; the stormy clouds are retiring and
melting away before the splendor of the sun's
beams, and tinged with their light, heighten ra-
ther than diminish the glory of his setting.—
The poetic allusion in the choice of such a back-
ground to the eventful life, and present quiet
situation of Lafayette, will strike every one.—
Upon the pannel of the lower part of the cip-
pus on which he is leaning, is a small bas-relief
consisting of five figures. It is Lafayette in the
prison of Olmutz, with his wife and two daugh-
ters ; these last seem wholly absorbed in grief,
while Lafayette is attending to the pronuncia-
tion of an ideal being (the Genius of Liberty)
who unfolds a scroll with these words : In splen-
dore occides. The introduction of this scene,
the darkest in the Life of Lafayette, in direct
contrast with the brightest in his, or any other's
history, is calculated to render it still brighter,
showing at one view what he was, and what he
is, or, (if we may so speak in allusion to the
ideal being in the bas-relief,) showing the pro-
phesy and the fulfilment in close union.
On the opposite side of the picture, upon the
end of the balustrade, is a rich vase, glowing
in the warm light of the sun, and containing a
flower, the 'Helianthus,' or 'tussol'
"That in its course still looks upon the sun."
The introduction of this flower, which is said
to turn its face to the sun whether in bright or
stormy weather, is here intended to allude to
the consistency of Lafayette ; for if there is
any trait of character more strongly marked
than another in this good man, it is that of stea-
dy, undeviating consistency ; a firm adherence
to his principles, whether tempted, as he was
at one time, by unexampled prosperity to seize
a throne, or at another, by the deepest adversity
to sacrifice but a portion of principle to gain
freedom and life.
Thus much for the conception of this pic-
ture ; and we here take leave to remark, that
success and eminence in the elegant art of paint-
ing, cannot be attained without the association
of discriminating taste and sound judgment,
with an eye that catches the forms and features
of men and things, and a pencil that can trans-
fer them to the canvass. Mr. Morse, in this,
the most successful effort of his genius, has hap-
pily illustrated the heroic career of our coun-
try's friend, by historical emblems and a glow-
ing picture of one of the most beautiful scenes
in nature—the sun sinking in the west, after a
storm, gilding the scattering clouds with golden
splendor and gladdening creation with his
smiles. The entire arrangement of the picture
is truly a delicate and beautiful compliment to
Lafayette.
In our estimation, the artist has been no less
successful in his likeness of the General than in
the arrangement of the whole picture. He ap-
pears in his natural, graceful, and dignified at-
titude. Every beholder, who has seen the
original, will immediately recognize his face,
form and features, and involuntarily recall to
his mind scenes of the past year, when the
great friend of liberty was receiving the free-
will homage of a grateful people.
In conclusion, we congratulate the city on
having the possession of so accurate a likeness
of the illustrious man who yet lives, and lives
in the heart of every American.
