Morse's ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.—We have received the report of Mr. Ferris, of this city, concerning the electric telegraph invented by Mr. Morse, who is known to the public, not merely as an artist, but as one of the most ingenious mechanics of the age. We were about to make some mention of the subject, when we met with the following article in the Morning Post, which we transfer to our columns:
MORSE'S ELECTRO MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.—
The Committee of Commerce, we are glad to see, have reported in favor of making a trial of the new telegraph invented by Professor Morse. They propose that the sum of thirty thousand dollars be appropriated, for the purpose of testing, under the direction of the Post Master General, the capacity and usefulness of the new system.
As this telegraph is one of the most curious inventions of the day, our readers will not regret the space which will be taken up in forming a short account of it. The instrument is founded upon the following scientific principles:
First. That a current of electricity will pass to any distance along a conductor connecting the two poles of a voltaic battery or generator of electricity, and produce visible effects at any desired points on that conductor.
Second. That magnetism is produced in a piece of soft iron (around which the conductor, in its progress is made to pass) when the electric current is permitted to flow, and that the magnetism ceases when the current of electricity is prevented from flowing. This current of electricity is produced and destroyed by breaking and closing the galvanic circuit at the pleasure of the operator of the telegraph, who, in this manner directs and controls the operation of a simple and compact piece of mechanism, styled the register, which, at the will of the operator at the point of communication, is made to record, at the point of reception, legible characters on a roll of paper put in motion at the same time with the writing instrument.— These characters the operator has arranged into a conventional alphabet, which is capable of being learned and used with very little practice.
Professor Morse has submitted his telegraphic plan to the severe scrutiny of European critics; and the Academy of Sciences, of Paris, the highest scientific tribunal in the world, hailed it with enthusiasm and approbation, when its operation was exhibited, and its principles explained by their distinguished perpetual secretary, M. Arago.
It appears, from documents produced by Professor Morse, that the thanks of savers! learned bodies in France were voted to him for his invention, and the large medal of honor was awarded to him by the Chamber of Industry; further appears, that several other systems of telegraphs, and the electric plant (among which were Watt's, Stephenson's, and Hume's, and Masson's, of Caen) had been submitted to the vote of the session, the consideration of the French Government, who appointed a commission to examine and report upon the merits of all. When this question was placed before the administrative chief of the telegraphs of France (M. Fey), who, in his note to Professor Morse, thus writes:
"I take your pleasure in confirming to you in writing that which I have already had the honor to say to you in your voice that I have prominently represented to the French Government, and to your electric magnetic telegraph, as being the system which presents the best chance of a practical application. I have declared to him that, if some trials are to be made with electric telegraphs, I do not hesitate to recommend that they should be made with your apparatus."
It is not too much to say that Professor Morse, of Princeton, the most profound and accomplished of our natural philosophers, has given warm approbation to Mr. Morse's plan, and has been succeeded by the American Institute of this country.
In his letter to the Committee of Congress, Morse shows in what way his telegraph may be made a source of revenue to the Government. He says:
"As a source of revenue, then, to the Government, few, I believe, have seriously contemplated such great profits to be derived from such a patent of telegraphs as I propose; and yet there is a surplus already obtained by which they can be demonstrated.
The first fact is, that every minute of the 24 hours is available to sent intelligence.
The second fact is, that 12 signs, at least, can be sent in a minute, instead of one, and one may have proof by actual demonstration of the fact on the instrument now operating in the Capitol.
This is not to say that, in the cases where such speedy transmission of intelligence from one distant city to another is desirable, so are numbers, which will be in proportion, and a demand made for a greater number of lines.
The Professor's convenience, to commercial correspondence, of thus corresponding at a distance, will augment the rate of postage proportionate to the distance, on the principle of sending postage by the mail.
To illustrate the operation of the telegraph in increasing the revenue, let us suppose that but 18 hours of the 24 are efficiently used for the actual sending of intelligence, that 6 hours are allowed for repetitions and other purposes, which is a large allowance. This would give, upon a single circuit, 12,000 signs per pound, upon which a rate of postage might be charged. Intelligence of great extent may be communicated in few signs. Suppose the following commercial communication is to be transmitted from New York to New Orleans: Yes, Dec. 21, rec. Buy 25 bales c., 360, and 300 pence, at 1.
Here 36 signs, which take three minutes in the transmission, are sent to New Orleans, and which informs the New York merchant correspondent at New Orleans of the receipt of a certain document, and gives him orders to purchase 25 bales of cotton, at 360 per pound, 300 bales of cotton at 300 pence per pound. Thus may be completed, in three minutes, a transaction in business which now would take at least four or five weeks to accomplish.
Suppose that one cent is charged for the first 100 miles, increasing the charge at the rate of half a cent each additional 100 miles. The postage of the above communication would be $2.88 for a distance of 1,000 miles. It would be sent 100 miles for $2.88. Would the merchant pay so small a sum for sending such an important information in so short a time to such a distance? If time and money were to be taken into account, surely such an immense sum of time is as saving as an immense sum of money. A telegraphic line of 1,000 miles, built only, from New York to New Orleans, would be worth to the Government, daily, in the correspondence between those two cities alone, over one thousand dollars gross occupied, and paid for, per annum.
But it is a well-established fact, that, as facilities of intercourse increase between different parts of the Union, so does it greater that intercourse. Thousands, from one day to railroads and steamboats, who never thought of leaving their homes before. Establish, then, the means of intercourse and communication between the most distant places, and the telegraphic line of 1,000 miles circuit will very soon be sufficient to supply the demands of the public, they will require more.
Two circuits, one of which supplies the facilities and double the revenue; but it is an important fact, that the expense of afterwards establishing a second circuit, and two circuits, is not procured on the doubling principle. If a channel of conveying a single circuit be made in the first instance of sufficient capacity to contain many more circuits, which will be built in the future, the single circuit will very soon be insufficient to supply the demands of the public, they will require more.
Two circuits, one of which supplies the facilities and double the revenues; but it is an important fact, that the expense of afterwards establishing a second circuit, and two circuits, is not procured on the doubling principle. The Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, which will be the common conductor for at least six circuits. How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, which will be the common conductor for at least six circuits, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, which will establish the line of telegraphs between two cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, which, by establishing the line of telegraphs between two cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between three cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, by establishing the line of telegraphs between three cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between four cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, and establish the line of telegraphs between four cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between five cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, establish the line of telegraphs between five cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between six cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, will establish the line of telegraphs between six cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between seven cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, between seven cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between eight cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, in establishing the line of telegraphs between eight cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between nine cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, establishing the line of telegraphs between nine cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between ten cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, established between ten cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between eleven cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, to establish between eleven cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between twelve cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, for establishing between twelve cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between thirteen cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, from thirteen cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between fourteen cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, up to fourteen cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between fifteen cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, beyond fifteen cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between sixteen cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, above sixteen cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between seventeen cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, over seventeen cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between eighteen cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, past eighteen cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between nineteen cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, at nineteen cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between twenty cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, through twenty cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between twenty-one cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, passing through twenty-one cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between twenty-two cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, across twenty-two cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between twenty-three cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, around twenty-three cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between twenty-four cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, within twenty-four cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between twenty-five cities, How many more we have not yet ascertained. So that, to add, that the Professor Fisher and myself should have a single wire, into twenty-five cities, will establish the line of telegraphs between twenty
