My Dear Morrell
Paris August 24. 1834.
Your letter introducing Mr. Bryant and delivered
to me here by that gentleman. I regret the much not being with him in H.
on his arrival there but I have requested Mr. Kenlock and Mr. Miles to
see him comfortably settled. I am grieved to hear that you have decided on
confining yourself to portrait. I would almost rather you would
suffer a little and give us at least one picture which should embody all
your requirements. Of course I cannot pretend to dictate you. I believe
that situation as you are I should do the same. I flatly myself. As
for your growing old I must think that a little nervous reflex years for
I am sure you can more safely count on 26 active years than most young men.
I am here for a few days only and am very busy
preparing books, cards and other objects connected with my studies. I am
not yet sure that I shall not be obliged to go to London, but shall not
if I can help it. I am anxious to learn the situation of my brother &
to see if I can do any thing for him. I have written him again if you
but will, turning this address of my letter if you have never reached him.
I have quite comfort here in the company of Mr. Mason who was so lately
with you all and who gives me such delightful anecdotes and such
copious news about you. I am not tired here yet. Paris is not so
uninteresting as it might be. I have quite lost my confidence in my impressions for
I find the society in which I live when seen before thrown down over
every thing. The many Savoye avenues, mediterrane and Luxembourg makes
me laugh that one should be in thought so highly of it. But I am
I dare say as far on one side the truth now as I was before on the
other. I am convinced now that the French are not a people of genius
in art (there is no other word but that of genius through it a vague one).
The same suffing title which gives all the pigmented states of Paris their vanity
fair aspect excepts into their serious efforts attitudes still along with the
really beautiful of their nature and even cause for the society of the grand in
their monuments -- and the effect is to me melancholy. In all merely prac-
98275
