2
Misses Delancy and was prevented from being at their house last Friday
evening by the severest snow-storm we have had this season. Our friends
the Jays I have met several times and have had much conversation with
them about you and your delightful family. Mr. P. A. Jay is a member
of the Club so I see him every Friday evening. Chancellor Kent also is
a member, and both warm friends of yours. What shall I say now respecting
the popular feeling towards you. You are partly right and greatly wrong
in your supposition that you are not properly estimated by that country
whom you have honored and defended. You are right in supposing that you
have some envious and even malignant backbiters, who have till lately suc-
ceeded in injuring your fame, and who would delight to see you seduced
to their level, but they are very few, and what little influence they
may have had is fast diminishing; But you are greatly wrong in supposing
you have not multitudes of warm friends and admirers, and they are in-
creasing every day; that they estimate you as you deserve I do not say.
They will come to a juster estimate when you return, for, I speak from
the heart, they cannot know you as I do without having the highest re-
spect and esteem for you. I am sure you will be greeted by your country-
men on your return, and do let me beg you to come in the Spring as you
contemplated when I left you.— By the way, I have something to tell you
in relation to the Review in the American about which we had so much
conversation; I gave you the name of the writer in Paris, on the authority
of Lieutenant Payne; Since I have been at home, it has been declared to
me that the Review was written here by an obscure clerk in a counting
house and Verplanck was cited to me as having assured my informant of the
fact. Now notwithstanding the authority cited, I think the document
itself is proof against such an origin. My informers were silenced by
my exposè of the matter, and I have heard nothing of the subject for a
long time. There has been some trickery in this business you may depend
98196
