254
it told D. last evening that it should
gladly support him for Gov & could
withdraw in his favor if he desired
to run. Today at 3 P.M. he called at my
office by appointment. Charles Warren &
W.T. Jenning were also there. He said he
had decided to run & I then gave him
an interview withdrawing in his favor.
He said that he could come out publicly
showing clearly that he was not running
in interest of Easton's candidacy. Also
that he still expect to have right
to run 3 years if he wished; also that
he reserved the right to run for Congress
next year if he wanted & that such
was his present inclination. He did
not ask us to pledge him any support
for Cong. but merely said it was to be
understood that by running for Gov he
did not waive the right to try for the
Cong. now t next year.
I asked him if he knew of any
arrangement or fight between the
city & State machines & Gaston as to
his running next year. He said he had
made no such arrangt nor had any
such understanding nor did he believe
255
that any leader of the State or City machine
had any such arrangt.
I then asked him as to Gov. Warren's vote
of Dec. 11th but much to our suspicion
he said he thought the vote was wrong
as the night before his whole convention
unanimously (with extreme slating) that the
vote was right, we told only in fee that
Easton had convinced him the other way.
He said that Corbett had suggested
that I preside at the Convention & I
said while I did not personally
come over the office I could take it
if I could help him: he said he could
request that I be elected to this post.
Jenning & Dr Coughlin spent night with
me -- we talked from 8 P.M. to 12.30
next morning. D. said McKnag & Col.
Driscoll were opposed to my being elected
chairman as it could stir up Williams
men. So O'Neil's name was suggested.
I told him -- being a Easton man could
not be accept. to me. He then suggested
Hughan & Albany both of whom I was
pleased with.
I told him frankly that the Gold
Democrats expected me to preside
