382
1905
June 19 Since last entry have been too busy to look up this
entry.
At En. Douglas' suggestion as above stated Hackett
announced himself as a candidate for Chair of State
Corp. Then Crowley sent letters to all of the
State Corps arranging their support for T. Some did
not reply; others, among them Robert Bennett,
wrote they were pledged to Easton. This proves
-while none of us ever doubted that Easton
wanted this for himself. En. D. one day sent
word he wanted to nominate W. M. Flaherty,
and Matthews. He accord. did at my house.
T. suggested nominating Crowley Chair of Exec.
Corp. who. I warmly endorsed. En. D. said he
did not want any direct American. as it
hurt the Party to have them so prominent. I
obliged & called his attention to the fact
that he was elected under Hackett's leader-
-ship as Chair of Exec. Corp. Finally he said
we could do as we pleased, although later he
questioned this.
At the 1st meeting of State Corp. T. was
nominated elected Chair. Gaston wanted it
& finally went to En. D. who told him
equally that he wanted T. G. etc. in
absent. control. The Corp. went as you wish
T. I will yield. The En. respected his
383
1905
desire. T. threatened proposed Hackett on the
Corps. At their meeting by unanimous vote
the rules of the Corp were adopted
which new rules should be adopted. As T.
was seen abed no further action was
taken except that Donovan of Salem moved that
a Corps be appointed to draft new by laws
and report at next meeting. His presence
was to leave away for the Chair the power
to appoint the Executive and other Corps
finally he is done thus. It was plainly out
of order as under existing Const. & by laws
of 04 wh. had been adopted, formal notice
of any change had to be given in advance.(
see rules).
At the next meeting of the Corps when the
records of the 1st meeting were read,
Kelliber of Boston, moved that the record
be amended so as to read that the rules
of 04 be adopted "for this meeting only"
He was on the record as having made the
motions to adopt the 04 rules. The friendly
officers of the Navy explained that at the first
meeting he burnt the motion himself, all that
he did "Kelliber moved" etc. and that it
was passed by acclamation.
K's hurtful in amending the record was to
have the meeting with no rules so
