378
Boston in a few days c. c. from date
Nov 30 on the matter. That Emid could
if they deny all power of the matter,
but did not deny he had colored it
over w. him. B. also said that no Robert
could dare to say next year any
voyage was made w. out openly
proclaiming himself as practically a
blacker mailer - this is reason to my
mind of that opinion. Later B. said Douglas
saw nothing of this himself and had
never sent to B. to move any money
or pledge of any kind to any Repub.
as to not running again. He also said
it old say that he B. had made
no such pledge.
B. was very excited - seemed determined
D. should not run again - refused to give
pledge to me nor to run again - said
Douglas's money & influence would all be
thrown for me and his (B's) also.
I told him I was determined that D.
must run again and that the election
and bounty matter in my opinion would not
prevent.
I am satisfied that B. gave some assurance
to Guild as to D's not running again and that
379
he realizes that if D. should run again it would
put him in a false position and subject him
to a charge of bad faith.
1904
30
Hoberty called on me for profes. advice. Said
Attorney Em. Moody sent for him in Washington
and offended him certain retainers in behalf
of his firm (Bundlett, Snow et al). F. said Moody
was actively interested in the firm all this
time Attorney Em. J. did not state how much
the retainers were but Crowley told me a
few days ago that J. told him he was offended
two retainer of $5000 in Washington. Moody said
he did not care who. F. took position of
State Chmn or not - he wanted him to
prevent him attacking interests in which
his firm were interested. J. said if he
wrote the retainers he should tell Douglas
on any matter in which he advised
him & Moody raised no objection to this
but told him to tell it to his firm. He
did this I think seemed to put it well
defeat their purpose if he told J. but
could think it over. J. asked me who.
if he were these retainers he ought to
hire Douglas - I said Yes. He then said he
thought it would hardly be proper
to act as State Chairman after leaving
