356
1904
dress & platform & told Dr. Daniel it wanted
to speak a minute. He at once asked the
De m to give me an opportunity, soon after
I was recognized & made a speech &
never felt cooler in my life. After my
speech Dr. Bearton of Va congratulated me
& many others. Later I returned to the
delegation & they all congratulated me
save Easton & Burnett - they said nothing
& looked sour. Prof. Dennis of Smith
College was particularly proud in his
congratulations. After this Davis was
quietly routed for Vice- President. My chair
was Harmon and New York said it wanted
Davis so most of the States voted for
him.
Davis embraced me as a very vigorous
man: he sat up w. the sub. Comm
until 1.30 Am. Lord night & voted for the
gold plan k ; he also sat up Thursday
with the full Comm until at least the
gold plan k was defeated - about 3.30 Am.
July 10
Left at 12 M. on Bay Point Route. Gen. Hill
& Gen. Murphy & Dr. Sheahan were on train;
also Police Com n McAdoo. Had long talks
w. them. Murphy & Sheahan both
357
1904
congratulated me on my success. I told Hill
as to what Gaston, Burnett, I also were saying
as to his selling out Gold standard to room.
Parker. On way home told them of importance
of winning support of Govt. Herald. Sheahan
at meal warned Strike N.Y. to telephone Robt
Lewis to bring this about. On train saw
N.Y. would slating that Passen tele y Hill
during fight in resolution Comm n to maintain
gold plan k . Hill authorized me to tele y
Strike, Her d & Post denying this - wh o I
did.
Monday
July 11
Arrived Boston 9.30- went to Mr Holmes office
Post. Herald - found H. S. Nelson there - it
had worried them both. We went over whole
situation - I told Holmes what Sheahan had
said - that we must have support of Her d .
He said our present Her d would be neutral
- formally said " Judge Passen has it in his
power to control the Her d to support him"
- meaning if his letter of acceptance was
satisfactory. He then said he would leave to leave
Nelson leave a letter w. Passen - not me. Our
publication, I said it could only arrange this.
Holmes said in view of Davis's age Passen
ought to declare at once who was to be his
Sec. State is elected & that Albany should be
