154
March 3 Call on Sec. Clancy w. Shurman Hear. About three
o'clock Clancy said he was very much annoyed
at the apparent disharmony of Ex. Gov. Russell
founds at the suggestion at the recent dinner
of the J. M. Dem. Club & Dem. State Comm. at
Boston when Cong. Patterson spoke on Monroe
Doctrine - of Clancy name for President,
Clancy said Russell had acted very precipitously
since since he & I had been in Washington -
that he had called on him & at his (R's)
house formally but that was all; that he
summed as if dishonored that anyone
had been taken from Mass. for the Cabinet
wout his-R's consent. C. said he had
helped Russell very much during his
campaigns - that one year he raised
$2500 and another $3000.
I told C. that in my judgment - as things then
stood - C. would be endorsed for President
by our State Convent. April 27 and that neither
Russell nor anyone else could prevent it
- that R. shid as a matter of good politics
come out for Clancy - and then if C. withdrew
all would be clear for Russell.
C. said he thought Cleveland was perfectly
willing to run again, although not in any
present a candidate.
C. asked if I thought Carlisle was strong
155
in Mass. I said Yes but C's strength could not
mitigate w. Clancy - that I believed it a wise
movement to declare for a favorite son
and that only when Mass. had withdrawn
its candidate could I hope and expect to
get the solid delegation for Carlisle.
Later today saw Judge Corcoran. He said
that while Clancy could be stronger than
Russell in an unpledged convention
yet that is an issue yet made perfectly
Ex. Russell could carry the Convention
C. said that he would not go on a delegation
is pledged.
March 4. Janney, Chmn Excc. Convct J.M. Dem. Club is
town: He says that Clancy will carry the
Convention in spite of Russell if it be
put to the test; that all of the leaders and
the machine are for Clancy and also many
of the rank and file.
Walter Adams of Hulald says Judge
Corcoran gave him an interview to
effect that the Convention in all
probability would declare for no
one but send an unpledged delegation.
This is distinctly unfavorable
to Ex. Russell.
