328
not prevent his withdrawing his name
from the
State Committee. Call adopted other than one the
Sub-committee purchased. See letter written statement.
State Committee. Albany delegates won by about
620 to 270. Unit rule and all delegates
State & Dist. ordered to vote for Albany
until name made or omitted by authority (See Sect B4)
April 20
April 21
26
Quincy called me on telephone and made
obligation to come to my office. He said he
wanted to have a talk w. me with relation
to the State election. Committee will take place this
evening. Said there had been a bitter row
-that Lee refused to pull out for him &
: he should not be a candidate; that he
felt he ought to say to me that he under-
-stood perfectly that it was to be elected
a delegate as arranged by Easton and
that Easton the of me, will address the
Committee tonight & say that they were in
honor bound to secure my election. He
said Easton however felt bad at Milwaukee
attitude -that while 2 or 3 days ago
he (Quincy) had telephoned Gaston that he
would withdraw from Dist. fight & turn
over his delegates, yet that shortly after
329
he had withdrawn his and now insisted on
or running altho' the result will very easily
be the election of a Hardt delegate; that
I & he had found that McNavy was at
the bottom of this and was furthering
his candidacy for Natl. Committe at expense of
Albany interests. Under these circumstances
& he felt that they ought to know forever
not whether I was pledged or had promised
in any way to vote for McNavy, on the
fact that some of my closest friends
were friends of his seemed to justify this
inquiry. I asked if Easton was a
candidat & he said he could be of me to
defeat McNavy. He further added that
if Harry Nunn thought that I would
vote against Easton for Natl. Committe he
would never pull out for me, which he
had agreed to or not.
I said to him that when it was agreed
Easton would be elected
dist. deleg. & I would pull out for
deleg. at large, no condition was
suggested or limited at any Col. Easton
other than that I should withdraw from
the fight for deleg. at large - that if
such a condition had been named I
should have declined to consider
