246
he intimated that he would live to have a
conference w. Almy. He asked Bowers if he
thought Olney would accept position of
Sec. of State if he (D) were elected President.
Bowers assured me to ask Olney if he would
be willing to meet Dewey.
Aug. 2 I saw Olney - said he would be glad to meet
Dewey either in N.Y or Boston at any time.
I wrote Bowers as to this and said I
should be glad to entertain Dewey in Boston.
Dewey comes out in an interview as early
on Rush.
I am satisfied D. came out prematurely as
Bowers intimated that he would not come
out until the matter was carefully
considered by his friends.
25-27 Entertained Chinese Minister Lou Ting-fang in
Boston.
May 15 Have lecture on Alaska & Japan to Royal Arcanum
at Rochester.
" 219 Spoke on Alaska before Knights of Columbus at
Fitchburg. Spent night w. James E. Mc Connell.
" 220 at meeting of Exec. Comm. Indianapolis Mon.
Convention held at Waldorf Astoria, N.Y
Appointed as sub-comm. to try to induce
the Rep. Natl. Convent. to favor principle of
insuring by currency bond or annuity
Other members - Hanna, Parquet (chairman Rich,
247
1900
221 Nat Comm.) Hazard (R.S.), Wilson (Kg), Pickens (W.Y.)
August 25 Spoke at dinner Old Colony Club at Brunswick
Harbor House, Portsmouth.
Sept. Secretary Eagle of U.S. Treasury writes that Presid.
McKinley has offered a place on Centr. Railroad
Court to Ex. Presd. Cleveland and asks me to
use my best influence to induce him to
accept. I wrote Mr. Cleveland and received
in reply a long letter giving his reasons for
declining and also giving carefully over the
political situation stating his difficulty in
choosing between Bryanism & McKinleyism.
Sept. 15 Gave a lunch to Sec. Eagle at Union Club.
Present: Mr Long, Secy of Navy, Call. of Nat. Rev.
Bill, C.Jackson, T.P. Bcal. Lucius Tuttle, &
Mr Curtis Vice Presd. N.Y. N.H.&H.R.R.
Oct 26 5.23 Am. Batte has daughter born. Weighted 7 5/16 lbs.
Nov 6 Presidential election. I voted for the State ticket
the regular Democratic ticket. For Congressman
I voted for Mc Call. For President
election I voted only for Edward Waldo
Emerson, the Elector & the only Elector on the
National ticket.
