384
the power of abstit of Corners old be taken
away that day from the Chair. Many
of us protested on amending the record
wild be a falsification as no such limit
was put upon the vote adopting the old
rules, it is it was an affront to the
Govt as it was his wish that J. be
made Chair - wh. was agreed to by G.
in his end. w. the Govt and that now to
take away J's power, even if the record
was not falsified wild be a breach of
faith. The meeting however voted to amend
the record. Crowley made a severe attack
on Gaston accusing him of controlling the
Council by financial means, and assuring him
why he wished to control it, whether it
was for the purpose of corrupting the
Lisprilature. Gaston made no reply except
to say that he did hated them wild be
no more insulte (?) Nor did any one
attempt to defend him from the charge
except one wh. Crowley made - that he
did nothing to help Govt. D. in the campaign
a Corner later was abpted alter J. said
he should resign. The meeting then adjd.
at the next meeting or rather before the
next meeting Govt. D. "discouraged" (?) that
the row was a factional one and Govt. G.
1905
385
and myself in wh. the old have no part. In
other words, having urged us to oppose the
fight, he calmly thinned us out. Meanwhile
Easton, without relations in the Council had all
along stated that a great crime was involved -
the right of the St. Corner to abandon its
own sub-Corneries - suddenly found the ground
that Crowley must not be put on the City
Council & this seemed to be the point for wh.
he was fighting. J. insisted that he still
be put on. Finally Crowley determined that if
that were the only issue he would quit his
claims & that he would withdraw from consideration.
Later J. had conferences w. G. and abdicated
an office, corner to wh. G. did not object.
No change however was abdicated. Later at a
meeting of the Council Gaston announced that
Govt. D. wanted Arthur Lyman & F. abdicate his
for a long time Govt. D. wanted Char Colo but
fainally was cord. persuaded to assy for Lyman
Govt. D. treated J. and myself very unfairly
in all this.
During all this time G. Bennett it also filled the
position w. views to offer that the whole
controversy was the old Easton Hamden
fight. McNany helped him in this. While
the fight as to amending the record was
going on McNany discreetly left the room.
1905
