Genius or Catty went to Morris Corn for a little while -- and then returned
to their house -- when I had the pleasure of seeing them very often. They
sent in for me twice to dine with them -- the first time I was engaged
to spend the day at Mr. Thalledens' Hermitage, and the second
I went -- and had a very pleasant visit -- They think your
letters an excellent one & consider he hopes to see you if he
stays long enough in the city. They have now gone to Princeton
in N. Jersey to stay some length of time, as the physicians think
sea bathing will be good for his Catty.-- About Calisburg is very
much taken up in attending to Cadie Martha who is now able to
talk out -- I am in their glee, & she is very kind to me, -- always
ingenuous when I have heard from you -- & it was not three
evenings to tea sociably, last week -- to the Taylor -- Prof. Filliman
& a Mrs Hotchkiss -- a cousin of the Denisons. -- We met Mrs Hubbard,
her daughter (Faith that was) and she is very pleasant to have me come
and visit her in Hanover, another season -- Her husband is Josephus
Van. Do she used to be a dear friend of my mother's? I should be
delighted to go -- and old
time friends to have me come and visit her in Hanover, another
season -- I am very happy here, dear father -- and friends are around
me -- and my home at Olds Denisons is delightful. The tall stately
Elms -- despite it quite cool, even during the vexing weather we
have had for a week past -- I hardly trust, I shall not in the
mildest of terms complain, forget the quiet of home -- and trust I may
use them right. -- I attend the Center Church & sit with Aunt
Lucy's family morning -- & in the afternoon go with Miss Susan Taylor to
the Village Chapel to hear Prof. Ficker -- sometimes attend the Episcopal
with the Miss Denisons.--
Now give it was in Uncle Charles to send me your
money -- was he not, dear father -- how can I ever repay him
for his many kindnesses to me -- I was thinking how would
it do to let it remain in the Bank, and then, as I wantell
it -- Can any one do so? Then when I want any little
