Improvement, is making use of the motive power of magnetism, when developed by the
action of such current or currents, substantially, as set forth in the foregoing description of
the first principal part of my Invention, as means of operating or giving motion to machi-
nery, which may be used to imprint signals upon paper or other suitable material, or to
produce sounds in any desired manner for the purpose of Telegraphic communication at
any distances. The only ways in which the Galvanic current has been proposed to be
used prior to my Invention and Improvement, were by bubbles resulting from decomposi-
tion, and the action or exercise of Electrical power upon a magnetized bar or needle, and
the bubbles, and the deflections of the needles thus produced, were the subjects of in-
spection and had no power, or were not applied to record the communication. I there-
fore, characterize my Invention as the first Recording or Printing Telegraph by means of
Electro-Magnetism.
There are various known modes of producing motions by Electro-Magnetism, but
none of these had been applied, prior to my Invention and Improvement, to actuate or
give motion to printing or recording machinery, which is the chief point of my Invention
and Improvement.
Second. I also claim, as my Invention and Improvement, the employment of the
machinery called the Register or Recording instrument, composed of the train of clock
wheels, cylinders and other apparatus or their equivalents, for moving the material upon
which the characters are to be imprinted, and for imprinting said characters substantially,
as set forth in the foregoing description of the second principal part of my Invention.
Third. I also claim as my Invention and Improvement, the combination of machinery
herein described, consisting of the generator of Electricity, the circuit of conductors, the
contrivance for closing and breaking the circuit, the Electro-Magnet, the pen or contri-
vance for marking, and the machinery for sustaining and moving the paper all together,
constituting one apparatus or Telegraphic machine, which I denominate the American
Electro-Magnetic Telegraph.
Fourth. I also claim as my Invention, the combination of two or more Galvanic or
Electric circuits, with independent batteries substantially by the means herein described,
for the purpose of obviating the diminished force of Electro-Magnetism in long circuits, and
enabling me to command sufficient power to put in motion registering or recording ma-
chinery at any distances.
Fifth. I claim as my Invention, the system of signs consisting of dots and spaces,
and of dots, spaces, and horizontal lines, for numerals, letters, words, or sentences sub-
stantially, as herein set forth and illustrated, for Telegraphic purposes.
Sixth. I also claim as my Invention, the system of signs, consisting of dots and
spaces, and of dots, spaces and horizontal lines substantially, as herein set forth and
illustrated, in combination with machinery, for recording them as signals for Telegraphic
purposes.
Seventh. I also claim as my Invention, the types, or their equivalent, and the type
Rule, and Port Rule, in combination with the signal lever or its equivalent, as herein des-
cribed, for the purpose of closing and breaking the circuit of Galvanic or Electric con-
ductors.
Eighth. I do not propose to limit myself to the specific machinery, or parts of ma-
chinery described in the foregoing specification and claims, the essence of my Invention
being the use of the motive power of the Electric or Galvanic current, which I call Elec-
tro-Magnetism, however developed, for marking or printing intelligible characters, signs
of letters at any distances, being a new application of that power, of which I claim to be
the first Inventor or discoverer.
SAM'L F. B. MORSE.
Witness.
Geo. Wood.
F. Read Bailey.
98761
