Samuel F. B. Morse Esq.
Dear Sir
Your letter of the 3d inst. was received,
in which you offer me five per cent commission to attend to your claim before Congress.
As from the extreme uncertainty of a claim ever passing Congress after years of
immense labor trouble anxiety variation; it is common to allow even one half, but even the
lowest commission is twenty per cent. But I will vigorously attend to the claim for only
one half of the lowest amount given for ten per cent if it is ever obtained, and if not
obtained after years of trouble, time, labour, expense and fatigue nothing. This certainty
is low enough most especially as I have to take the risk after infinite labor of having no
renumeration. As the appropriation reported by the Committee was much lower than your
estimate which was $20,000, as contained in printed document No 153, and the estimate of
$26,000 comprised compensation for the services of yourself, Mr. Galt & Mr. Vail the
larger sum of $30,000, will, even deducting my commission in case of success leave more than
a full remuneration according to the estimate for yourself and Mr. Galt & Vail, as you
will have a right to apply the additional $4,000 to the contingency of increased payment for the
services of the experiment, as well as to any other item in the estimate; and it being the application
of principles of profound science, you have a right to charge a much higher remuneration than
that in the estimate. Therefore you can afford to allow this commission out of the $30,000
appropriation, but even supposing for a moment that which will not be the case, that it did
not leave enough to compensate the proprietors, you should waive compensation for the present
for services in the experiment, until the Government purchase the Invention, which its
testing it will be a strong step towards. The obtaining the appropriation is Herculean
(and the risk of not doing it after next elections great) compared to the trouble of the experiment
and the undying honor and eternal applause which will be your lot in case it being carried
into effect will alone be a glorious reward for you for the trouble of the experiment. five
per cent as a contingent commission is too little and after spending years of effort might not
succeed: there are hundreds of kinds of businesses where there is no contingency where five per cent
is allowed, but nothing on earth so extremely contingent or uncertain as the passage of a claim
before Congress. Congress being the Legislature of a Nation of over 17,000,000 of population
with a Republican form of Government causes an enormous and unparalleled amount of
business of a National character to be constantly before it. Every Session therefore, it
