taet be made to accomplish the same end, and the closing and breaking of the circuit may
be effected by applying the hand or any other machinery to the signal lever, or by any
other mode adapted to the same end. The closing of the circuit by the depression of the
signal lever, causes the electric current to run upon the circuit a, a, Ex. 11, Fig. 2, and
through the helices of the Electro-Magnet C, which is thus charged with power to move
any machinery which may be connected with it in a proper manner.
The second part of my invention, consists of a Register for Recording the characters,
signs or letters transmitted from any distance, and is composed of the following parts in
combination, viz: a bent lever A, as shown most distinctly in example 10, Fig. 4. To
one arm of this lever there is attached one or more pencils, fountain pins, or other suit-
able marking instruments, B, directly under which is placed a suitable cylinder, D, over
which the paper passes on which the marking for signs are made.
This cylinder turns on its axis, and is connected by a train of wheels and pinions with
a barrel m, Fig. 3, example 10, of common construction which is driven by a weight and
cord wound thereon, and also with a fly K of same Fig. which regulates its motion. To
the other arm of the lever (which is also an armature) is affixed a spiral spring i, as seen
in Example 10, Figs. 1 and 4.
Near the cylinder D, a reel or spool, d, is placed, on which a strip of paper or other
markable material is wound, the end of which is carried over the cylinder D, and is confined
thereon by means of two tapes and endless bands or their equivalents, one at each edge
which pass around two pulleys b, b, one on each side of cylinder D. This is clearly
represented in Figures 2 and 4, Example 10. The clock work is kept at rest by a detent
g, in contact with the fly wheel k, in Fig. 3, and connected with the lever as shown in
Figure 5.
To the Register may be attached an alarm bell as shown in Example 10, Fig. 5, the
machinery for striking which may be variously modified and therefore need not to be
described.
The Register, or second part of my Invention, is operated upon by the first part, in the
following manner, viz: the short end of the pen lever in the second part as seen in example
10, Fig. 4, is an armature f, which is brought in proximity to the Electro-Magnet C, in
the circuit a, a, as shown in Example 11, Fig. 2, and in Example 10, Fig. 4. The Electro-
Magnet C, being charged by closing the circuit, attracts the armature, bringing it nearly
in contact, thus imparting a movement to the lever A. By this movement of the lever,
the detent, Fig. 5, Example 10, is removed from the fly wheel, and the clock work begins
to move, carrying the paper over the cylinder D, and at the same time the fountain pen,
pencil, or other marking instrument is, by the action of the lever, set in motion.
The circuit being broken, the lever is brought back to its position by the spiral spring
i, and by the closing and breaking of the circuit, more or less rapidly, dots and spaces and
marks of any required length are made upon the paper and in any required combinations.
My system of characters consists of dots, spaces and lines, variously combined, to form
letters and other characters, a specimen of which is represented in Examples 1, 2, and 3.
To make a dot, a notch or indentation is required in the types, into which the cog or
tooth on the "signal lever" will fall and instantly rise from, as the types move onward and
when a line is to be formed on the paper at the Register as a sign, the notch in the type is
extended, so that the lever will remain down for a space of time, sufficient to make the
line required.
The alarm bell shown at A, Example 10, Fig. 5, may be struck by means of a ham-
mer, actuated by a supplementary Electro-Magnet placed in the same circuit as that first
named. Any convenient number of Registers and Registering stations, may be connected
with the same circuit, all constructed and operating as above described.
To extend more effectually the communication by my apparatus, I adopt the following
arrangement, whereby I can use any number of additional batteries or generators of Elec-
tricity, and by which I can connect progressively any number of consecutive circuits,
viz: I place at any point in the first circuit an Electro-Magnet, and opposite its poles I
place an armature on a lever, like that described for Registering, but instead of using the
said lever to mark with, I use it to close and break a second circuit, precisely as the
signal lever is used to close and break the first circuit.
The second circuit has an independent battery, and may be used to work a Register
or other apparatus for Registering, or to close and break a third circuit or both, and thus
by a combination of circuits the requisite power can be obtained at any distances, ad-infi-
num. This combination is shown in Example 11, Fig. 1.
It will be observed that my vocabulary system of signs or secret writing by cypher
can be conveniently used in communicating by this Telegraph, and any mode of closing
and breaking a circuit may be adopted, the object being to do so at proper intervals.
CLAIMS.
First. Having thus fully described my Invention, I wish it to be understood that I
do not claim the use of the Galvanic current or currents of Electricity, for the purpose of
Telegraphic communications generally, but what I specially claim as my Invention and
