139
Samuel F. B. Morse Co.
Washington June 24th 1841.
Dear Sir
Constr
Your petition in relation to the Electro-Magnetic Telegraph having been before Congress for many Long Years and no final action
having been had thereon, I thought I would write you on the subject and inform you that nothing had ever been done by Congress at any of the subsequent Sessions and propose to obtain this claim for you for the Patent Right as I am confident I could render you services of great
value towards obtaining it. The Printed Journals of the House of Representatives show that nothing has transpired on the subject. The opposition that will be made on account of the great expense attendant on laying down the wire and constructing the appurtenances of the Telegraph is the greatest difficulty that will have to be contended with. It appears by the newspapers (some time since) that an Association was about to be formed for the purpose of establishing a line of Electrics Magnetic Telegraph, but as I have never heard that this Association was formed or effected anything which if they had would have been known, I presume there was not a sufficient subscription for the effectuation of the design of forming a Company. The Committee of Commerce of the Senate last Session reported a Bill for $50000 to make an experimental test of Genon's plan of Telegraphs. This Telegraph of Genon's being on the Semaphoric plan can be established with much greater economy than yours, which may cause much opposition from that score, to yours, and a preference for Genon's with many members and no doubt there will be a hard struggle by the friends of that plan in Congress in favor of that. There is so possibility that this claim can be obtained, although it would be an extremely difficult task, from the very low state of the Treasury which causes a severe scrutiny of claims, and from the struggle of both parties to cut down all expenditures to the lowest possible point, and from the fact that so great is the delay that any claim which is admitted on all hands to be perfectly just has very little chance of passing, so great are the delays so very numerous the forms which a claim has to go through -- first through one House and then through the other, and only on Sundays and Saturdays are claims taken up, and very often they are passed aside even on three days by the press of the National business. Also the immense amount of the National business and the great press by claimants to draw the attention of Members to their respective matters so completely absorbs their whole time that it is very difficult to get a claim of any kind through.
I think having to pass both Houses it is with difficulty that it can be procured to be reported from the Committees in time to pass one House before the close of a Session, much less to go through the Committees and the Senate's forms and pass the other before its close: as Committees will only take up claims in the order in which they were referred to them, the Chairman divides the
98835
