PRIVATE CIRCULAR
To the Members of the Association for procuring from me an Historical Painting.
New York, Nov. 30. 1841.
Dear Sir,—In the year 1837, an Association was formed, of which you were a member, for the purpose of commissioning
me to execute a large Historical picture. Forty-five shares, of $50 each share, were subscribed, payable by $5 per share
quarterly, making a total of $2250, or $225 per quarter.
On calling for the first instalment from the subscribers, there were but.............. $205
dollars collected, leaving a deficit for the first quarter of......................... 20 dollars.
On the second instalment but...................................................... 170
dollars were collected, leaving a deficit on the second quarter of.................... 55 dollars
On the third instalment but...................................................... 135
dollars were collected, leaving a deficit on the third quarter of.................... 90 dollars.
thus making on the three installments a Total deficit of...................... 165 dollars!!
This diminution in such a rapid ratio of the collections of a quarterly sum, small at most, alarmed me, and I found it ne-
cessary seriously to calculate the cost of the enterprise in which I had embarked. Having no means aside from this subscrip-
tion, it was indispensably necessary to be assured of sufficient capital before I could advance another step. At this junc-
ture, my attention was directed by a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury at Washington, to my invention of the Electro-
magnetic Telegraph, made several years before. The attention of the government being directed to this subject, the Telegraph
offered in the opinion of my friends, the readiest and quickest mode of supplying myself with means for a future prosecution of
my commission. Accordingly at once requested the Secretary to give me an order for a loan of $5000 to be applied to the
three installments, until I had ascertain the proceeds with the Telegraph. I need not give the details of more than three years
labors, hopes, and disappointments, in waiting for the action of our own and foreign governments. It is sufficient to say that my
expectations, or rather those of my friends, so far as pecuniary profit is concerned, have been vain. I have as yet not realized
one cent, and I thus find myself farther from my object than ever. Upon deliberately considering the matter, the late winter and
spring, I came to the determination, in the first place, to free myself from the pecuniary obligations under which I had long
lain to my friends of the Association, and I commenced a systematic economy and penchance by which I had gradually to
amass the money for that purpose, which sum it would have been impossible for me to raise to $510. Three hundred dollars
of this sum I had already laid down when an article in the N. York Mirror of the 16th Oct. determined me at once to commence
the refunding of the funds received. In compliance with this determination, I have the pleasure herewith to send you
five dollars being the amount collected from you for one instalment on one share according to the
Treasurer's account rendered to me.
I return this sum with many thanks for your kind intentions, sincerely regretting that circumstances beyond my control should
have prevented the accomplishment of my wishes and those of my friends. Although as yet frustrated, I do not entirely
despair; a system of financial obligation is of all things to me most fatal to that independence of mind which is absolutely
necessary to a free exercise of its higher powers, and in thus freeing myself from this obligation, I hope you will see in it the
evidence, not that I abandon my enterprise, nor that I am insensible to those other obligations which gratitude towards each, and
all of the Association imposes, but, (as matters now stand,) that I have taken the first necessary step to the final accomplish-
ment of my design.
With sincere respect, your most obedient servant,
Samuel F. B. Morse.
17 Please sign and transmit to me the following receipt.
5.00
RECEIVED, New York, 1841, from Mr. Samuel F. B. Morse, Five
dollars, being the aggregate sum collected on one quarterly instalment of my subscription to a fund
raised in the year 1837, for procuring from Mr. Morse a large Historical picture, which sum is by the above pay-
ment refunded by him in full.
Direct to me at the New York Observer Office.
98856
