to Berlin, Bremen and other places -- with a report that
it might be transmitted to His Majesty the King of Sweden
and Norway, both as a testimonial of respect, and an
evidence of the results, accomplished by an invention which
may, in truth, save to his Excellency, Anchalated time and
distance.
The undersigned embraces, on occasion to
mention, that there are now more than 300 miles, in
the United States, for which the power of this Telegraph
are in hourly operation. Fifteen hundred miles more
now under contract, will it is understood be finished
during the present year, and there is no doubt that before
long Boston and New Orleans, situated almost at
extreme points of the Union, will be brought by telegraphic
communication within a few moments of each other.
The passage of the Electric fluid, between points
however distant, is almost instantaneous, and the only
relation of the Telegraph in use with which the idea of time
can be properly connected, is the short period employed
in mailing down repeated intelligence at one end of a line
and receiving the same at the other. It is computed by
Prof. Hamady, and the gentlemen of his Scientific department
that a single moment would be sufficient for the passage
of the Electric current many times around the circumference
of the Earth.
The Telegraph in question, was invented by Prof.
S. A. B. Eldridge, a distinguished Citizen of the United States,
who it is well ascertained has the first to arrange and
apply, an apparatus, actually producing results, which the
eng. division, were regarded as almost impracticable.
The instrument employed in the formation
of the telegraphic letters, is simple in its parts, cheap, and
easy of construction, lasting down the character required
with equal facility, by night or day, and wholly unaffected
by any atmospheric changes or cold climates. The cost of Establishing telegraphic Communications, as proved by experience
in the United States, may be estimated at from 1500 to 2000
for each English mile, the pressure amount depending on the
nature of the ground, over which the insulated line is to be
constructed -- the readiness of a cup to materials, and the
price of labor.
It is probable that the gentlemen alluded to
- who have with them all the necessary apparatus - may
ere long visit Sweden, and should such be the case
