Saratoga Springs
Washington hall
29 July 1847
Dear Brother,
Speaking with Mr Davis, my brother-in law, he told
me quite how he would proceed, if he were in your case, as follows so far
as I can recollect: He would after examining the premises sufficiently
& ascertaining from the neighbors (such as Mr Hooker) the value of farms
in the vicinity request Mr D. to make you his lowest offer. Then
I say to him that if you have other places in view, I cannot decide at present;
that you will be that way in two or three weeks, till which time
you will have the proposition under consideration. When you come
at the end of that time, according to your price, if you find his price is exorbitant, tell him so;
& what you will give; and the result will probably be he will come
to your terms, or so nearly that you can close the bargain.
A transaction of such moment should not be done hurriedly,
at any disposition on the part of the seller to hurry it, I should construe
as a reason for declining to buy. I should ascertain how long it has been
for sale & if there are a have been any offers for it.
Mr Davis seems to think, as I believe Mr Cuming does, 100
100 acres is enough, & that the other 100 need not be stipulated for
conditionally. Yet I see no objection to such a clause.
As to stock, forming part of it, both Mr C. & Mr D. say
Be careful about buying. If you buy stock, you must buy proceeds
for the winter, during which time, you will have no use for your
stock. Second hand utterly, will be perhaps, of little worth to you.
A general consideration which influences me in the
choice of the region where I would settle is this: Whatever
we settle ourselves, obligations of a social & religious character
will be insisted upon us. Educated as we have been, these are
of a high order. Our children must enjoy as good institutions as
we have done. Our standard of religious habits & conduct must
be as high as in the best part of New England. Now it is easier
to reach these ends in N. England than elsewhere; and it is
proper to ask if we are called to make the sacrifice of going
elsewhere. I am willing to admit it, if it is made plain to
me (but this I must require) wherever we do settle, I hope
we shall go trusting in Divine strength to accomplish what
is reasonably to be expected of us.
I find all well & made happy as you may believe
by Elizabeth's return. We join in love to you all
Your affectionate brother
R. C. Morse
