Washington Janv 12th 1848.
Dear Sidney
You perceive by the date that I am now in Washington, where I shall
be for a few weeks probably, I write you rather briefly and in haste, as I have much to
do and this is the last day for the steamer from Boston. I send you with this, which
I hope will reach you safely, two copies of the New York Herald, which will be ordered
to you in speaking of the efficiency of my Telegraph. Although noticed by the Friends
with his peculiar Whodomontade, there are the facts which are so plain, that one
can yesterday in the Herald of the 5th inst. gives nearly ten columns of Telegraphic
intelligence, transmitted without any extraordinary effort, among which is the Governor's
message of five columns, the Caledonian news of three columns, and Mr. Cat-
horne's speech and Congress news of more than three columns. I challenge any other
system than mine to equal this. — I see the English prints are blazing a part
of their Telegraph in telegraphing 700 words the Queen's speech in 15 minutes
and on halfphones while the Governor's message from Albany containing 5000!
words was telegraphed to NewYork, and at all the Stations on the line, in two and on halfphones
the same time. This gives a comparison of 5000 to 700.—
I see nothing in any of the efforts at improvement abroad that can compete
with mine. Bain's is mine made complicated, I could send with mine what he
is preparing his paper to send his 1000 in a minute, double if not triple
the amount. I reason in this way, if, as it is said, a boy can punch the holes
in his paper as fast as a compositor can set up type, then as I can make with my
key my letters, at the faithful extensivity of my time, at the rate of an expert penman
writing, and as a penman can write three times as fast as a compositor can set
up type than it follows, that while he is simply preparing his paper, I can have
transmitted three times the amount of matter that he has but prepared to send.
My type first excused on board ship and cast the first week on my arrival at
100691
