since my last the brigings you sent have been present to the Sultan,
but what a thankless Republican you are, though I believe you
expect to be a king. You send decrees, commands of the
acts of rebels and subjects, to one who is engaged every day in
putting down some revolt in his empire. - I hardly has he succeeded
in quieting the Turks than he has if a revolt in Albania,
that now occupies his attention. - Again, not thinking that affairs
go well with me in this country, I am afraid the Sultan was
very common man; why you should have had him put into elegant
guest rooms, which I did for you, and then have presented
The Dragoman of the legation carried them to the palace and
presented them through the secretary of Sultan, who requested
him to call in ten days, which he did. The Sultan then sent
for him and got him to explain the pictures which were much
appreciated by his majesty. The dragoman then took occasion
to relate to the telegraph which I had just received when the
Sultan requested I would meet it in the place which was done
between his rooms. I had put the telegraph on American machinery to
make it as safe as possible, and every thing being ready in an hour and
a half, his Majesty was sent for. The telegraph was received
in about 100000000000000000000000000000000 - The Sultan soon confided himself to
the telegraph and expressed its utility, after announcing it operation
in about an hour and a half he requested me to return the
next day as he wished to thank me for the promptness and his
minister. I had not, and all the great men of the kingdom
watched the telegraph when about to leave before the first of the
Sultan a ceremony seldom seen even by the Sultan himself.
The Sultan expressed to me his satisfaction and hoped that
I would remain a long while in his service. - You
have heard on the merits of the matter. I presume he may send
a present to you, but as I have nothing about it, neither
have I any news from the Sultan. Take particular care
to impress his generosity to foreigners. I have a little
secret to mention, which I must present. I would not say
nothing about it when I went to you in Morris Telegraph
I had some deliberation about it, so I did not think it would
be true that I desired to use his invention to put my
