13 Amsterpla Gray's Inn Road,
London June 3d 1847.
Dear Brother,
I have sent on this sheet a copy of the part of the article
on Electrical Telegraph from Reine Scientific Figur for Friday, and on the
other sheet I have copied an article which I sent to the Times yesterday,
in which you will see I beg in full confidence a fine opportunity of
bringing to father and son an incident in fathers history which ought to be
generally known for his credit, as well as our own that of the country. I
know not whether the Times will insert the article. If they do not, no
doubt our American papers will give it a wide circulation. You can
keep it by you, in case of need. I am disposed to it can be sent hereafter
to the Journal of Commerce and Observer to some other paper.
After reflection, I am of the opinion that the article on
authors you will see gives me a fine opportunity to bring in the
American Telegraph in the second article. This I have not yet
finished. I think I shall follow it with an article on American
Republication, from which I shall show them that the Republication with
call American is either the Republication of the States which are chiefly well
with fresh emigrants from Europe who have not been long enough in America
to Americanized, or of states which were democracies to gratify British slave traders
run mad, or of several other articles in contemplation, but cannot now name the subject. -- Yours in great haste & affection
Stirling MORE
I give below the number of the Paris Revue Scientifique which contain the articles on the
Electrical Telegraphy together with their Vol. & the volume, so that they may be no mistake in ordering it
you will see that it extends through 1835 pages in different numbers, and is not yet finished. The price of the
monthly number of articles is about fifty Cols. but I am told by you order them separately you will probably
have to pay a dollar.
May 1845 -- p. 261 to 306. -- Vol. 5th -- Vol. 21st
June do -- p. 309 to 393. -- Vol. 5th -- Vol. 22nd
Oct. do -- p. 125 to 160 -- Vol. 7th -- Vol. 23rd
Jan. 1846 p. 37 to 58. -- Vol. 8th -- Vol. 24th
The article in January 1846 has at the end in brackets in Italicis (La fin au forechain) but I can find nothing more in the number as for down on September 1846 inclusive. I have not seen the number for October 1846 or any number subsequent to that.
The communication between London and Paris of the bookbottles is on an awkward, roundabout and expensive subject and the express reading them to Liverpool is such that I have thought you would do best to order them directly from Paris yourself. The bookbottles here are not in the hope that they should get them here much under a month.
00528
