late calling on you as early as practicable; but must first return
to New York. Luisa thanks you for your invitation to call on
our return down the river; but with the care of our family this
would be impracticable. I am afraid too that she cannot come
this fall, as she will not go abroad, except to church, after she reaches
home.
I can see nothing but to approve in the important step you have
taken. I think that you are now to set an example in your style of living
and neither Sidney expresses my views entirely, that expensive luxuries
should not be admitted. For myself, it gives me pain to witness them in others
but my conscience would reproach me if I should allow them for myself.
I cordially reciprocate your wish that Sidney himself may find a
home by your side. All my inclinations are in favor of such a result. I
only wait to consult with Sidney, so as not to go on faster than is practicable.
Indeed I may as well say it, ever since Charles proposed buying a farm, I
have had a feeling of personal interest, & this is not so inaccouttable as it
might at first seem to be. For I have always hoped to live in the country,
& have seen fifty places that in themselves would suit me, indeed have
hardly seen the place that would not, in this fair creation. But how to
choose? Something was wanting to justify my preference of one place before
the rest. Hudson was Louis's native place, & this alone satisfied me
to live there as I did for 5 years, I had it been practicable, I could have
always lived there. Charles's settlement, even a better tie would satisfy
me to live in Potshessie, rather than elsewhere. But more when we
meet. You might think I was quite at leisure here I could entirely
communiqué any time; but if ever you should travel with a boy of 11
years old, you would find your mistake. Sid has no soul to commu-
nicate with but his father; unless I would see him restless &
unkindly, I must be devoted to all his wishes: play marbles, shoot
bore & armos, play checkers, & I expect soon to push pins. While
