Your letters of the 31st of July & 15th of June have been forwarded
to me from Long Island & Virginia in the confidence that they will be found in the possession of our whole family.
Cathleen with the children Elizabeth & Mary, and myself in the Sir Robert
Reid on Sunday the 13th ult. as informed you in my last. I trust they will
arrive together by this month but you must not be alarmed if they are delayed
144 the middle of August as the Sir Robert was 52 days on her former passage
to America, and the weather at this season is light & very favorable then in
the spring.
I received Mr. Munson's letter and am glad to hear that he intends
writing me by every steamer, and giving the particulars of the Congregational
operations. I must am utterly at a loss to know how I stand with the Hopkins
story book dollars & have been expended since my left America, & I am
anxious to know how much of this I am entitled to draw upon the
Harper's. Mr. Munson says that the Elizabeth City letters are now all expired
& wishes to know whether they shall be finished & if any one. By all means, let
the work progress as quick as possible. I went to Boston from Phila
to America in purpose of making arrangements with Mr Tracy to superintend
the work. I am to expect from Hermitage & I cannot do it. I cannot
do not know what he has done, or left under & but wish that the work may come out
with the least possible delay, & that the preparation of a little page
and whatever else is necessary for the may be prepared by Mr Tracy. Let
this name, if he is willing, be omitted as the Author. If he is not willing,
let him prepare such brief preface or advertisement as will be suitable. In
the utter ignorance of the manner in which the work has been executed I cannot
be more definite in any instructions than in this to Mr. Munson.
I sent in my last the copy of my letter to the Times in the telegram.
I have not seen the Times of late, & do not know whether they have printed it, but
promise not.
I find that I am shall lose the mail of July 1st of this, and to send it
as it is. I will love to all
Your affectionate brother
Sidney C. Morel
