From the National Intelligence of the 7th inst.
The Electric Telegraph, which now, in its combination with magnetism, is in such
successful operation, was previously supposed to be chemical, and 20 years ago. The following extract
from the American Mechanics Magazine for 1825 shows the weakness of the best authority, and
the necessity of depending upon experiments for success.
"Motion of the Electric Fluid. It has long been received as a fact that an electrical discharge
was capable of being transmitted through a very considerable distance, say two or three miles,
instantaneously, and without any considerable diminution of its intensity. M. Barlow,
however, by employing wires of various lengths up to 840 feet, and measuring the energy
of the actual action by a reflection produced in a magnetic needle, has found that
the intensity diminishes very rapidly and very nearly in the inverse ratio of the distance;
hence the idea of constructing electric telegraphs is quite chemical. * over.
Mr. H. Edelton. Permit me to add to the above interesting statement a fact worthy of
notice publication as a just tribute to a distinguished philosopher. The discovery of Prof.
Henry, as related by him in Silliman's Journal for 1831 was the first to prove the
feasibility of telegraphing by galvanic power; and while to him belongs the credit
of inventing the first electric magnetic engine, and the suggestion of its applicability
as a mechanical agent, to him also we are indebted for a most valuable discovery
without which the electric magnetic telegraph would have remained utterly
impracticable in the present state of our knowledge. It will not be worth while
at this time to attempt to explain its particular features, but suppose it to say that Prof.
Henry discovered a mode by which magnets of considerable power could be made
through very great lengths of wire, or at a great distance; and seeing at once the practical value of this discovery he remarked that "this" (that is the above discovery)
is directly applicable to M. W. Barlow's project of forming an electric magnetic telegraph.
The English journals have given the credit of this discovery to M. Wheatstone, but Henry's discovery
was announced many years before Wheatstone's telegraph involved this principle of action, or
was even conceived. I think I speak without national prejudice when I say that in the
scale of merit the balance is decidedly in favor of our own countrymen Henry & Morse
in developing this invention, of such vast utility & interest.
O. S. P.
100575
* From Silliman's Journal Vol. 19, p. 404.
