Atlantic, Lake and Mississippi Telegraph Range,
INCLUDING THE OHIO VALLEY.
TO ALL WHOHIT MAY CONCERN:
In answer to numerous enquiries respecting this
important range of telegraphic lines, I understand has
the pleasure to state, that the sole and exclusive
right to construct the line, under Morse's Patent, is
vested in Henry O'Reilly and his original associates,
which representation is by the "MORSE AND
MISSISSIPPI TELEGRAPH COMPANY," and that no
persons or persons, company or companies, will be
permitted to construct or operate any telegraph line
of Telegraph upon the territory embraced within the
range of what is known as the "O'Reilly Construction"
without the consent of said Mr. O'Reilly and
his associates. The route from Chicago and
Milwaukee is within that range, in addition to
which the range extends to Chicago, Chicago,
Wheeling, Columbus, Cincinnati, Louisville and St.
Louis.
All attention has been called to the movements of
Messrs. Speed, Cornelil, and others connected with
them, towards the construction of the line under an
organization known as the "East Coast Michigan
Telegraph Company." Any effort to correct any
misapprehension or erroneous impressions in
the minds of the public in relation to it, is
undoubtedly further evidence that said Messrs.
associates have made no arrangement with Messrs.
Speed, Cornelil and company, in relation to the line
if they have not built it, or built it out of facts,
that there was no understanding between Messrs.
O'Reilly and his associates and Messrs. Speed,
Cornell and company no consent of petitioners to
construct the line, nor will they do so.
It is not necessary to state here that the line of
men see fit, under the circumstances, to aid Messrs.
Speed, Cornelil and company, in the way of
subscription to the line. If, however, they
lose their money, they remain, after the exposed
facts, complain that we have not done them in the
premises.
Mr. O'Reilly and his associates have no complaint
with any person or persons on this subject, but
will have. They have made arrangements for
both the line and themselves, and will make
statements and representations of dissatisfied persons
contrary notification, it is proper to say, is
even if they are true, that the rights of the
plaintiffs will be successfully defended before the
proper tribunals, (whatever be the cost of time and
expenses,) but it will be a matter of much more
delight to them, as it abundantly proves, that the
triumphant results of the suit in the U. S. Court at
this time will be the effect of the efforts of Messrs.
O. J. Smith and Kendall acting upon their own
authority without the consent of Messrs. O. J.
Smith and Co. (Mr. Kendall's influence alone
might have been sufficient to induce the
JUDGMENT OF THE COURT.)
THE MOTION FILED BY O'REILLY
AND added emphatically to the arguments of the
plaintiffs, "The Court has made its judgment
on the one side, and the defeat is upon the other."
"But it is not so. The exhibit of the plaintiff
is the right of using and constructing the
Mississippi Telegraph line, and the right of
using and constructing the Patent Office
two days after. The bill was filed on the 20th day
of January, 1847. I need hardly say that the
destruction of the basis of the complainant's case.
An innocent man cannot be made the subject of a
scandal, and a patentee, who has been away from
the subject of the controversy, that I have seen nothing in
the facts that have been developed to call for a differ-
ent conclusion from that to which abstract principles
directed me. INJUNCTION REFUSED."
This statement of Judge O'Reilly sufficiently exposes
the fraud perpetrated in a late patent case by F. O.
J. Smith; wherein that person actually charges Mr.
O'Reilly with "having attempted or a non-compliance of certain assignees of the patent" in
proceeding hereafter instituted in Philadelphia by
the assignees of the assignees said O'Reilly and his associates."
Yet these fraudulent statements are still being
presented. Mr. O'Reilly, but falsifying the recorded
opinion and actions of our highest tribunals, is
entirely charged with the fraudulent warfare carried
by this F. O. J. Smith & Co. (which class of con-
tractors of Morse's patent) in the crusade against Mr.
O'Reilly.
It is not necessary to speak here of the means and
facilities which Mr. O'Reilly and his associates have
for establishing all competition in the Telegraph enterprise.
The Lake Erie Telegraph line, extending from
Philadelphia to Chicago and Cincinnati, Detroit, Mr.
O'Reilly and his associates are pushing telegraphy
forward around the south side of Lake Erie. Very
soon the line which will be finished before the
first of January next. The line from Cleveland
to Pittsburg is already completed. The project of the Great Central Line, through Cincinnati
and Louisville to St. Louis, is well known to the
public.
Capt. John I. Rieilly, under prompt and efficient
supervidency the line from Baltimore to Cincinnati,
now in operation, has been constructed in less than
three months, is already in Chicago, and has accomplished the construction of the line of the
Mississippi Telegraph line, which is now completed
and signed will, if his life be spared, build the line; and
the telegraph line will be supplied, and the work
will be done, by that person who has, having
spent their time, their energies, and their money, in
preparing this enterprise into public favor, will
knowingly, permit themselves to be robbed of
the fruit of their labor.
HEMAN B. ELY,
Agent of Atlantic Lake and Mississippi Telegraph.
COLUMBIA, S.C., September, 1847.
NOTICE-TELEGRAPHIC
It is scarcely necessary to state the public farther
against the fraudulent assertions of sundry Patent
Patentees, who are attempting to sell out exclusive rights for telegraphing in the United States embraced
in the O'Reilly construction, which rights Mr.
O'Reilly and his associates have already constructed about ONE
THOUSAND MILES OF TELEGRAPH, nearly all in
operation now, which the lines are rapidly extending
so as to include another thousand miles before next
year. It is well enough to insert a notice
concerning these Telegraph lines, which are some of the
original assignees of Mr. O'Reilly, all of which are
well known in the Western States, as well as in the
State of New York.
NOTICE-TELEGRAPHIC
A through familiarity with the facts of the case
is controlling, and a full investigation of the legal
principles bearing on the present question renders it
proper to say that, as associates of Mr. O'Reilly from
the commencement of the Telegraph Enterprise
through individual resources to the United States, we
are also "appeal to the Public," and to the tribunals of
the United States appeal us in our just rights; and we
herberty warn ALL PERSONS OF ANY AND ALL ASSOCIATIONS, THAT THEY WILL NOT BE PERMITTED
TO OPERATE AND PEND IN OPERATION LINES OF
Morse's Electric-Magnetic Telegraph over the portion
OF THE TERRITORY CLAIMED BY MR. O'REILLY
WE WILL CEASE TO HAVE LAWS TO ENFORCE THE OBSERVANCE OF CONTRACTS
HENRY B. SELDEN,
ALBERT D. CLAY,
ELISHA D. ELY,
JONATHAN CHILD,
SAMUEL L. SELDEN,
GEORGE DAWSON.
State of New-York, Aug. 1847.
100620
