Dear Brother,
From the letter I have sent to you, I have been making Pedestrian progress through
the celebrated Lake District mountains in the north part of the Lake District. I have ascended four of
the highest mountains, viz. Helvellyn, Cumbria Old Man, the Langdale Pike & Skiddaw, each
from 2500 to 3000 feet high, have visited Lake Windermere, Grasmere, Eustace, water,
Casino Lake, Ullswater &c. I am now writing in the banks of the beautiful Lake District
lake of Windermere, as it is sometimes called. You may judge of the effect of these
water-sports, &c. on the relaxation & recreation of the last two years, when I tell
you that on Saturday last I walked 28 miles in the course of which I ascended
steep hills, went down 2500 feet high, and felt perfectly strong & comfortable at the
end of the day. My progress, in the way I travel, is very moderate, not average, more
than 10 miles a dollar & a half a day. I call at the famous houses
as I go along, I shall then about Liverpool &c. I get some knowledge of
the character of the royal population of England. There is much you will find pretty freely
in this city. The English people will I have to compare them with English foreigners. I
shall be sorry that they are so inferior to their countrymen in commerce and industry.
It is a great pleasure to me to visit the old city of Liverpool, I am sorry to find
that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am
glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent
than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people
are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad
to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than
I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are
more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to
find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I
expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find
that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected.
I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and
less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the
English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am glad to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected.
It is a great pleasure to me to visit the old city of Liverpool, I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous
and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that
the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. It is a great pleasure to me to visit the old city of Liverpool, I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I
expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find
that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected.
I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and
less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the
English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected.
It is a great pleasure to me to visit
the old city of Liverpool, I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the
English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I
am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less
intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English
people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am
sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and
less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am
sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent
than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people
are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am
sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people
(Continued from page 1)
are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent
and I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I
expected. I am sorry to find
that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to
find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than
I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are
more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am
sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are
more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to
find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people
are more numerous and less intelligent than I expecte
to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English
people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expecte
to find that the English people are more
n
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English
people are more numerous and less intelligent than
to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. It is a great pleasure to me to visit the old city of Liverpool, I am sorry to find that the English people
are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find
that the English people are more numerous and less intelligent
than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I
am sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that
the English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I
expected. I am sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry
to find that the English people are more numerous and less
intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the English
people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected.
I am sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to
find that the English people are more numerous and less
intelligent than I expected. I am sorry to find that the
English people are more numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I
am sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am
sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am
sorry to find that the English people are more
numerous and less intelligent than I expected. I am
sorry to find that the English people are more
