Poughkeepsie, North river July 30th 1847.
Dear Sidney: This is a day to be remembered, as you will learn in
the sequel. In the first place I congratulate you on the safe arrival of
your dear family, Catherine, Elizabeth, the children & nurse, all arrived
safely on Sunday last at 1 o'clock, I was in NewYork at the Astor house
with Susan little Charley, Mr. Overman & her son Henry, who had arrived
a few days before from the West Indies after a short and pleasant voyage
Richard with part of his family were at Saratoga, and the Telegraph told
him in a few minutes of the arrivals, Elizabeth accompanied her father
(who came down for her) to Saratoga, and I left Catherine and your children with
Dr. Livingston who were all to proceed for Williamsburg in a day or two and
where I suppose they now are. I was delighted to see Catherine and the children
looking so well; But & Lucence were pretty well browned, but looking very
hearty.— In my last I wrote you that I had been looking out for a farm in
this region, and gave you a diagram of a place which I fancied. Since then I
was informed of a place for sale South of this village 2 miles, on the banks of
the river, part of the old Livingston manor, and for superint. I have this day
concluded a bargain for it. There are about 100 acres. I pay for it $17,500.
I am almost afraid to tell you of its beauties and advantages. It is just such
a place as in England could not be purchased for double the number of pounds
sterling. Its "capabilities" as the landscape gardener would say, are unequalled. There
is every variety of surface, plain, hill, dale, glens, running streams, and fine fruit
and every variety of distant prospect, the Catskill mountains towards the South
and the Catskill towards the North, the Hudson with its variety of water craft,
Steamboats of all kinds, Sloops &c. constantly showing a varied scene.— I will not enlarge, I am congratulated by all in having made an
excellent purchase, and I find a most delightful neighborhood. Within a
few miles around, approaching by excellent roads, are Mr. Lenox, Gen. Talmadge,
Philip Van Rensselaer, &c. on one side; on the other Harry Livingston, Mr. Smith
Thomson, (judge Thomson's widow) and Sister to the first Mr. Arthur Breede, Mr.
