1845. I state this fact, and it is that
this note of Dr Jackson was transmitted by him to
he had had the authority of the American Journal, which
in Paris in 1839, and you the notice by Dr. in the Boston Post cut from that publication
left for the United States. Opposing this gross assumption
was made only in my own country, I prepared to call Dr Jackson to account before the public at the moment I should reach home, and before I knew anything of this duplicity simultaneously made
attack on him from Boston. Accordingly on my arrival in the United States I caused the following notice to be inserted in the Boston Morning Post the same journal in which Dr Jackson had made his claim. notice marked B
(Most notice)
note of mine to this published now eight years since, Dr Jackson has never thought fit to reply. The latter part of my statement attempts a challenge to his claim to the United States. I did not care to publish this in the United States because I was disposed to give up the argument that his independence, often so long a time, he has long since suffered from his enemies, has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument
reasons should be published in the United States. I did not care to publish this in the United States because I was disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I am disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I will not give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I will not
this simple challenge in the United States. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence
and let the matter drop. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence will be exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence will be exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his
his private friends in the United States have published their reports repeatedly in the same channel as I do from my defense against the Jacksons proposition claim the same desirable result that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give
publicity in the United States. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the
privilege of publishing a vindication of his pretensions in the United States. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argu
ment in private, but to this day have been unable to convince him to allow him to publish this in the United States because I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has
connection with the United States. I have never been disposed to give up the argument that his independence has been exhausted. I have never been disposed to give up the argument
100669
