4th page of original specification
"The mode of applying this decomposition by electricity in, by
the use of so much of my machinery previously described
and shown to me by the schedule of reference to the
Letters Patent granted June 20, 1840, and July 15, 1846,
and as is employed in regulating the motion of the
paper, substituting for the common paper therein used
the cloth, thread, metal, or other material chemically pre-
pared, and which is therein described in this letter, to
"A suitable frame &c.
described (in the schedule referred to in the Letters Patent granted to me and bearing date
June 13th 1848 being the essence of the original Patent of
April 13th 1845) as is employed in regulating the
motion of the paper, substituting for the common paper therein
used the cloth, thread, metal, or other material chemically
prepared, and which machinery is therein described in
the words following to wit, "The second part of my invention, to wit,
"A Register or Accel," the Character signs or letter transmission from one position
"The Reg. consists of a series of wheels and pinions, and its object is to regulate the move-
ment of paper or other material upon which to imprint telegraphic characters.-
A A be, sheet 7-111 figs. 1, 1 & 3 the flat form of wire or other conven. material upon which
the machinery is exerted. B B, Xo the Standard for the reel of paper, & C. the reel of
paper upon which it to be printed the Folios, Characteristics D one form of the arrangement of
the wheels in relation to the Rege - A. E. rollers for drawing the paper in contact with
the pen or marking roller 2. been also on sheet III fig. 10. x x x x
K. The metal Key of my original Patent, described in the schedule of reference to
the Letters Patent granted to me, and bearing date June 13, 1848.
and in claim third, of said letters Patent.-
The frame D contains the train of wheels whose motion is caused by the
weight of or its equivalent. x x x x
The paper rollers d.e. & 2. fig. 10. Sheet III, are so connected with
the train of wheels that the paper drawn from the reels by passing
belt around d. and e. is made to be in contact with the - cylinder
fig 2. The roller E. is kept in contact with d. by the forked spring in
fig. 10 bearing upon the ends of the journals and regulated in its
strength by the thumb screws 8 & 9. The bearings or pockets for the ends
of the shafts of E. are not circular but are slots to allow of a slight
movement in a direction with, and against, the force of the spring so
that the spring shall act with proper power tending to keep the cylinder
E. in contact with d.-
100705
