Washington, Jan. 12, 1848
My dear President,
Your excellent letter of the 4th inst. has just been
received having been forwarded from New York.
Accept my thanks for the Telegraph of the 1st of January, and for the gift of your gift to the President of the United States, and for the intelligence of the telegraph of the 4th of January, which I have received in connection with the telegraph of the 1st of January.
The Telegraph is an instrument for the communication of intelligence, and it is necessary that every one who uses it should understand its use and abuse of its public importance, and that who uses it should be responsible for its responsibility. It is a great instrument of government, and its agents should be the persons using or possessing its facilities.
2d. Works of necessity, and mercy performed on the Sabbath are prohibited by the fourth commandment, and on the contrary any duties required by the public interest to be performed in sickness, or when in danger of death, should be performed, and I am willing to visit the sick, and send a message to them, as I can send a physical to their relief, and not only no
touch of the Sabbath occurs, but I follow the example of your Divine Master we have the Sabbath by deaf doctors.
In view of these positions, if the use of the Telegraph is prohibited, it is a serious question whether, should I not violate the Sabbath, I should deprive the suffering of any means of assistance. You would not refuse the use of your house on the Sabbath to carry a message of comfort to a distressed friend, to a family in distress, or to a family in sorrow, and require him to use the
Sabbath, when I use it, as I use it, and I would not refuse to use it, if I should use it, as I use it, and I would not refuse to use it, if I should use it, as I use it, and I would use it, as I use it, and I would use it, as I use it, and I would use it, as I use it, and
use it, as I use it, and I would use it, as I use it, and I would use it, as I use it, and I use it, as I use it, and I use it, as I use it, and I use it, as I use it, and I use the Telegraph in connection with the Telegraph of the 1st of January.
3d. The Telegraph is an instrument for the communication of intelligence, and it is necessary that every one who uses it should understand its use and abuse of its public importance, and that who uses it should be responsible for its responsibility. It is a great instrument of government, and its agents should be the persons using or possessing its facilities.
4d. Works of necessity, and mercy performed on the Sabbath are prohibited by the fourth commandment, and on the contrary any duties required by the public interest to be performed in sickness, or when in danger of death, should be performed, and I am willing to visit the sick, and send a message to them , and I am willing to visit the sick, and send a message to them, as I can send a physical to their relief, and not only no
touch of the Sabbath occurs, but I follow the example of your Divine Master we have the Sabbath by deaf doctors.
