To the Descendants of the early Planters of New England by the name of Morse, and
Morss, and Mors, and Mosse:—
GENTS,—
The subject of Genealogy is awakening
much attention; and whoever considers its
civil, scientific and moral bearings, must acknowledge its importance. Though the laws
of the older states have required the registration
of births, marriages, &c., yet these have been
neglected, and claims to enormous estates, it is
believed, have consequently been lost by the
rightful heirs. Nor is it certain that similar
forfeitures may not hereafter occur from the
same cause; for so long as the law of entailments shall continue in the mother country,
none can foresee what contingencies may
occur to furnish other claims which some one
of our name or race may recover, not perhaps through his descent from a Morse, but through
some one of his 20 or 40 grandmothers, who
might have been from as many distinct families.*
The evils of interalliances between those of
common blood are deplored; nor can these be prevented without complete family Registers,
which often show, in the parents, more common blood than is inherited by first cousins;
and sometimes nearly as much where the parties contemplating marriage have no suspicion of the slightest degree of relationship. Surely,
if the rising generations can be induced to give half the attention to pedigree bestowed by gentlemen of the Turf, imbeciles will diminish,
almshouses and asylums be less crowded, and posterity become more like the occupants of
New England in her days of physical energy and moral glory. Until this is done, the short-
ening of the average period of life, the effects of
different geological formations, climates, callings
and modes of living, will be rarely perceived,
and few know where and by what means the
greatest prosperity is to be sought.
But these are light reasons compared with
the moral. To presuming man, it is good to inquire where are the Fathers? and see how
soon his name also must be starred; and to a refined, pious mind, it is sweet to hold communion with departed worth; delightful to remember our sainted ancestors, to whom we are so indebted, and with whom we shall so soon be united.
God has formed man capable of happiness in his present and future state, and made
that course of life, which brings most enjoyment here, and fits him for immortal happiness, to be the very course to secure him a posthumous character, honorable and useful to his descendants; and he has endowed him with a principle of curiosity to know the history of those through whom he has derived his being, that he may learn and treasure it up, for his own admonition, warning and encouragement in well-doing. To preserve, then, the history of our ancestors, is to obey a law of our nature and second the benevolent design of the Creator. Most men seem to be conscious of the obligation; for those who have kept it, manifest a pleasure and feeling of self-approbation; while of such as have not, some are mortified, and blame parents or guardians; others are taking or resolved to take pains to recover their lost history; others less cultivated and scrupulous, as if ashamed of their ignorance and wishing to keep up appearances, or afraid of an humble origin, resort to fabulous traditions, without thinking that the absurdity and falsehood can and will be detected. But the Morses can be rescued from such temptations, and their origin proved to have been respectable, and in the best sense noble; and most of the name can be furnished, either with a complete Family Register of 7, 8 and 9 generations, or the means of rendering it so.
* In tracing the descent of a child of the 8th generation, I found, that while he inherited the name of one family he had on his father's side the blood of 20; and if he shall be found to have descended from as many through his mother, he can reckon 40 grandmothers. I also found him, through 2 of his grandmothers, heir in common with those prosecuting or preparing to prosecute claims in England, either of which, recovered and divided according to our laws, would relieve him from poverty. Such claims often rest on marriages solemnized hundreds of years ago.
100581
