on this side of the water
system in operation, is my original system
the first practical Magnetic Telegraph
ever invented, [that the Message in question
as has been already attested by the New York Herald
was sent as soon related in all its particularity
by my Telegraph to that energetic Centennial
journal. I have the public to give its own judgment to
the character of such a representation in this
respect, as Mr. Brett has made to bring into no
McKisses machine neither one of these gentlemen
and which for more than two years has been
the theme of absolute suffrage
of falsehood is necessary to induce capitalists in
England to invest their money in a concern
which it needs no great sagacity to predict is certain to fail.
In connection with this fraudulent representative
abroad, the public will also have observed, in
the case of rival companies, who have plenty of
money all subscribed to erect lines from New York
to Buffalo, to Boston & Philadelphia, and presuming on the supposed ignorance of the communities advertising that they have a Telegraph
which is to throw mine entirely in the shade.
So vast is its superiority. &c. The public can
believe as much as they please of these numerous
givings out, and others too may probably divine
the secret causes of all these movements,
some will be likely to ask, Is it
this English fraud stamped system, which is to be
returned after its travels, licensed to tell its
travellers stories here? May it not be introduced without infringing
my patent? How far is such a system
even it could escape the litigation of a Patent
case, would it not be a great
obstacle to the progress of
science and invention?
It is not only the public interest which
demands that the truth be told, but the
interest of the inventor himself, whose
patent is the only thing which gives him
the means of supporting himself and
his family, and who, if he is deceived
by the public, will be cheated of
the reward which is due to him for
his services.
It is not only the public interest which
demands that the truth be told, but the interest of the inventor himself, whose patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be cheated of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which
demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, whose patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is cheated by the public, will be cheated of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public
interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, whose patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and
his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, whose patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting
himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds
the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived
of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and
who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It
is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing
which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due
to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest
of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived
by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest
which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of
supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who
holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be
deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be
told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
it is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only
thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is
due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the
interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is
deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public
Interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means
of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will
be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
It is not only the public interest which demands that the truth
be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family,
and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services.
Is it not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing Which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due To him for his services.
Is it not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest
of the inventor himself, who
holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived
of the reward which is due to him for his services?
Is it not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, holds the patent is the only thing which
gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to
him for his services?
Is it not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of
the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is deceived by
the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services?
Is it not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told,
and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who,
if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services?
Is it not only the public interest which
demand that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting
himself and his family, and who, if he is
deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is
due to him for his services?
Is it not only the public interest which demands that the truth be told, and it is the
interest of the inventor himself, who
holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family,
and who, if he is deceived
by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services?
Is it not only the public interest
which demands that the truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who
holds the patent is the only
thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his family, and who, if he is
deceived by the public,will be deceived of the reward which is due to him for his services?
Is it not only the public interest which demands that the
truth be told, and it is the interest of the inventor himself, who holds the patent is the only thing which gives him the means of supporting himself and his
family, and who, if he is deceived by the public, will be deceived of the reward which is due to him
