detract from his reputation, to compose their own contemptible selfish ends.
I don't know that you are so ignorant of the characters of the editors of the
Journal of Commerce as to be surprised that they should take ground against
me and with those that oppose me. The secret of their opposition is that many
of their subscribers dropped their paper, assigning as a reason that they obtained
through the Telegraph the news so long in advance of the mail that their paper was
considerably useless. They encourage opposition to the hope to get telegraphic news
at a cheaper rate, and to put people to death from the causes of invention, and
throw doubt on its originality with me, to accomplish their selfish ends.
I keep entirely aloof from them, for such means is so disagreeable I should
feel for my temper if I came in contact with it.
Smith behaves well now, and he is a good fighter, he and W. Kendall have just put out for the seat of war
at Cincinnati determined to bring the matter to an issue. We have good counsel
from Mr. Ewing, Secy. of Treasury under Gen. Harrison, is our counsel and has given his
written opinion that we are not only, right but have exercised the greatest
generosity and forbearance towards OR & his associates. The opposition to
me is two-fold, and it has colored at the West, OR endeavors to break down
my patent, that he may use parts of my invention without which he cannot use his old
and thus cause him to attack the originality of it, and having sold an interest in the Telegraph
they unite their forces to embarrass. An opposition line is building between N.Y. & Ohio
and so soon as Houses instruments are used successfully, if they should be, thus will the
case be tried here, P.R. Staple & Grant Lloyd my counsel. The press at the West as well
as here are prejudiced against me, because they have to pay a certain price, a mere statement about
its value is considered as for their news. They wish it cheap, competition they think will give
it to them, therefore, regardless of all things else whether I have rights or whether my opponents
have none, they join in the cry of "monopoly," a profit by the competition
I wish you could join with your invention, and fight down this most contemptible spirit I will give
you a hint of my plan, I believe it could be done taking hold of the Telegraph papers as "the
public good," that was ever cried with truth. With a press, (a newspaper, at every station
under the control of the Telegraph, a press with your invention, we could soon throw
overboard these two penny scribblers, who would lord it over the public, deceiving
them with the cry of public good only that they may put more pennies in their own pockets
I wish to take the largest view of the public benefit not only because it is right and noble
in itself but to show them up to the public the prof. hypocrisy of these men.
Think over some plan that will swallow up in great results for the public benefit
the narrow schemes of these selfish wretches -- I close in great haste Truly of the best
as ever
S. D. Morse
