100644
Dear Sidney, I am here for a few days, I called on the Harpens
yesterday to select an altar, and had some conversation, of so important a
nature to your interest, with James Harper that I cannot leave for P.
leisure without writing you on the subject. They seem very sure in regard
to the Primary Geography they say that it was promised by you long ago
that inquiries are respectfully and urgently made from Schools in all parts of
the country for it that they had promised it as being in preparation and
that for nearly two years they had repeatedly pledged their word that it should
be forthcoming soon, which now they are ashamed to say anything on the
subject. In the mean time it is stopping the sale of your school texts
that many Schools have thrown it out, acknowledging at the same time
that it was best not needed a preparatory book for it; that in case
of Eugene Smith, although inferior was taking the place of yours. It
was also stated that a gentleman after repeated disappointments had
determined to wait no longer but propose one himself which
could be got up in 60 days. They also said that it was through
this great exertion and those of Mr. Poison that your Geography
was not thrown out of the public Schools, and was retained
only on the ground of the Common School being in preparation.
That now a feeling hostile to your interests was getting up
&c. &c. much more in the same strain. Mr. Manson was
with me, and I asked him about it when we left. He says
they attack him on the subject every time he goes there and
wishes if you can expedite the matter to do so. I have told
you this just as it happened that you may pass your own judgment
on what is best to be done. I think your interests are suffering
by your absence, and really wish you were at home
on more accounts than one.
My own affairs are at this moment floundering. My opponents
O'Kelly & Co by their outraging efforts in misrepresentation and
inversion, have created a hostile feeling throughout the whole
West towards me, there is the Ante-rent principle with all
