With a view to the history of my Family, I,
30 years ago, began to examine and transcribe
ancient Records and MSS; and to write down
the reminiscences of the oldest persons of in-
telligence then living. As I progressed, it be-
came necessary to bring down the history of
all other families of similar but in reality of the
same name. Most who spell their names in
either of the above written forms, are the de-
scendants of 6 Puritans, whose birth and em-
barkation in England, I have ascertained.
These I have traced in their emigrations, settle-
ments and descendants from 1580 down to
1750, and in many instances, to 1847: and
have written biographical sketches of about 20
of their race. The names of 4,000 of their
descendants have been arranged in a Catalogue
with double indices, rendering it available in
tracing. The births, marriages, residences, and
deaths stand opposite the names. This I pro-
pose to publish at $2 per copy, so soon as suf-
ficient patronage can be obtained. The work
will be neatly bound, and entitled Memorial of
the Morses, and contain at least 250 pages, per-
haps 400. The names of all subscribers, with
their descent, if reported, will be added, with
blank leaves for continuing their genealogy.
The portraits of John Morse, commissary in
Philip's war; of Rev. Joseph M. of Derby,
Conn.; of Joseph M. of Nova Scotia, commis-
sary in the French war; of Ephraim M. of
New York, Captain in do.; of Doct. Samuel
Fry M. of Sutton; of Rev. Doct. Ebenezer M.
of Boylston; of Doct. Isaac M. of Elisabeth-
town, N. J.; of Rev. John M. of Huntsville,
N. Y.; of Chancellor Kent of New York; of
Rev. Dr. Jedediah M. of Charlestown; of
James O. M., Esq., of Cherry Valley, N. Y., are
requested of their descendants.
The portraits of Hon. Isaac E. M. of New Or-
leans; of Hon. Freeman H. M. of Bath, Me.;
of Abbot Lawrence, Esq., of Boston; of Prof.
Morse of New York, and of Prof. C. C. Felton,
of Harvard University, are requested.
Yours most respectfully,
ABNER MORSE.
Late pastor of the Cong. Church, Chester, N. J., and honor-
ary member of the N. E. Hist. Genealogical Soc., Boston.
Sherborn, Middlesex Co., Mass., July 1, 1847.
Dear Sir,
Can you spare time to answer by writing whom
& when you married; names & births of your children &
say will you send me your portrait to the care of
some one in Boston & also a memoir of him, your
Br., to supply a brief memoir of him, your
Abner Morse.
