been the notion of prejudice that I had been unjust. The
resolution of feeling was complete & from that moment my
heart warmed to him with the most affectionate interest & I
implicitly believed all that my husband and his friends & my
husband believed & to which he after experience of many years
confirmed - yes, he was not only a gentle, but a truly good man!
The occasion of his present visit was to make arrangements with Mr Smith for the publication of his
Manuel for Congress. After now called Jefferson's Manuel
The original was in his own bureau neat, plain, but elegant hand writing. The manuscript was a legible a portrait
& its unadorned simplicity was eminently of his character.
It is still preserved by Mr S. & valued as a precious relic.
After the affair of Junius was settled, the conversation became general & Mr Jefferson several times addressed himself
to me; but although his manner was unchanged, my feelings were, & I could not recover sufficient ease to join in the
conversation - the words however cordially with which he departed, & in a manner which said as plainly as words could do "I am your friend".
During part of the time that Mr Jefferson was President of the Philosophical Society (in Philadelphia) Mr Smith
was its secretary. A prize offered by the society for the best system of natural education was gained by Mr Smith. The merit
of this essay first attracted the notice of Mrs J. to its
author: this personal acquaintance which took place, led
to a friendly intercourse which influenced the future destiny
of my husband, as it was by Mr Jefferson alone that he remained
to Washington & established the National Intelligence. Evidence for the
talent & character of the editor first won Mrs Jefferson regards a reason
which lasted to the end of his life & was a thousand times confirmed
by acts of personal kindness & confidence.
At this time Mr Jefferson was Vice President & in nomination
for the Presidency, our infant city offered scant accommodations for
the members of Congress - There were few good boarding houses, but
Mr Jefferson was fortunate enough to obtain one of the best.
Thomas Law one of the wealthiest citizens & largest proprietor of lots
before had part finished for his own use a large commodious &
handsome house on Capitol hill, thus & on discussing the
insufficiency of accommodation, he gave up to Crawford for a boarding
house a mansion to a very inconvenient dwelling on Greenleaf
point about two miles distant from the Capitol. And here
while I think of it, though somewhat out of place, I will
mention an incident that occurred which might have charged
the whole aspect of the political world a have disappointed
the length & deep laid plans of politicians. So much do great
events depend on little events & minor accidents. This
part of the way house to which Mr Law removed, was
surrounded from the most inhabited part of the city by old fields
& waste grounds broken up by deep galleries or ravines
through which there was scarcely any road
