some of the ladies whom she called to the consolation
preferred within a sitting of the gowns colours - others
were for showing 2 neck shirtings - one, rather a
romantic lady, who loved the picturesque, voted for
two the shirtings, a latter simple articles belonging
to their wild-wood costume. The middle course
was adopted, 2 short gowns 2 petticoats were provided
for them of showy, large figured shirtings without
any trimmets or other ornaments, these being exclusively
approached to the lords of creation - a lady
placed a bunch of artificial flowers in the hair
of one of these women, who instantly, instinctively
as it arose, drew it out, carried it to her husband
a sketch of behind his ear - who received it
as his due & a matter of course.
one would have supposed in a scene so novel & in-
forming as was that day exhibited to these sons of the
Forest that some indication of curiosity or surprise
might have been discovered in words, looks or gestures,
but not the slightest emotion of any kind was visible.
So comfortable as the words of their escort homes, they
stood in a kind of dignified & majestic stillness, looking
forward on the gun a brother scene around them, but no one
that looked on their final forms features & intelligent countenance
could have mistaken their imperceptibility for
stupidity - it was evidently the pride of the story, belonging
& therefore subservient the endurance of natural feeling.
Mr. Fitzhugh, who had long & carefully studied the character
of our Aborigines, told a friend with whom he was
conversing on this subject, that he had on various
occasions, made many experiments & endeavoured
by the exhibition of the most striking & curious aspect
to effect some impression of astonishment or surprise.
let never, except in a single instance succeeded in exciting
any obvious emotion & this was on an occasion when he
had the chief of a remote tribe to dine with him. During
the progress of dinner, strange & incomprehensible as
many objects around them might have been & distressful
or probable, the made of & economy wise they exhibited
no emotion whatever until the wine in coolers filled with
ice were placed on table. On seeing the ice one of the
chiefs looked on the others with an expression of doubt
& surprise, to which their looks responded. So satisfied he
seemed evidently, felt by all, the elder chief took hold of a
piece of ice, started when he felt it, & handed it to
his companions, who seemed equally startled. It must
be noticed, that it was a hot day in July. The Indians
then matter after being convinced it was ice, began talking
to each other with eagerness & vehemence. Mr.
Fitzhugh turned to the interpreter for an explanation
of what they said "They "we now believe," said the chief,
"brother," that what our brothers told us when they came back
from the great cities was all true, though at the time, we
thought they were telling us lies, when they told us of all
the strange things they saw for they never saw anything
so wonderful as this that we now see & feel. See in
the middle of summer, we now can believe any thing.
Meller-Maley expressed a most lively interest about
these Osages & examined their forms, countenances
& habits & particularly struck by the mode in which
their hands were shaped leaving only a tuft of
