the door & stood in a gentleman who seemed to see
my husband. The usual frankness & ease, which I must stronger,
now somewhat checked by the dignified & measured air of
the present visitor, but the shiled feeling was only more
realized, for after taking the chair I offered them in a
free & easy manner, & carefully thrown his arm on the
table near which he sat he turned towards me a
courteous and beaming with an expression of benevolence
& with a manner, almost feminine, not a gentle, natural
sole conversation on the common place topics of the day,
from which, before I was conscious of it, he had drawn
me into observations of a more personal & interesting
nature -- I knew not how it was, but there was
somethyng in the manner her acquaintance & voice that
at once unlocked my heart, & in answer to this earnest
inquiries concerning our situation in our new home, as he
said it, I found my self frankly telling them what I liked
or disliked in our present circumstances & abode. I knew not
who he was, but the interest with which he listened to
my selfish details, induced the idea he was some intimate intimate
regimental or friend of Mrs. Smith's & put me perfectly
at my ease & as candidly conciliating & flattering were his
looks & manner that I forgot he was not a friend of my
own, until the on the opening of the door, my mouth
entirely & unbidden, I charged to me as Mr. Jefferson --
I felt my cheeks burn & my heart throb, & not a word more
could I speak while he remarked, "My, such was my embarassment
I could scarcely listen to the conversation carried on between
him & my husband. For several years he had been to me an
object of my private interest -- In fact my darling -- for on this subject in
the impending presidential election, & rather the success of the democratic
party (their interests are identified my condition in hopes, expounded my
union with the men I loved, defended, in addition to their personal
interest, I had immense encouragement long participeted in by my husband's
political sentiments & anxieties, & looked upon Mr. Jefferson as the corner stone on which the structure of republican liberty was to rest. I looked upon
him as the champion of human rights, the reformer of abuses, the leader of
the republican party, which met over a fall with him & on the triumph of
the republican party I devoutly believed the security & welfare of
my country depended. Notwithstanding these excellent views of
Mr. Jefferson as a political character, a decidedly superior man
for his age, I retained my previously conceived idea of his
being the nearest, nearest & only ally of his appearance a man
was therefore an the stranger whose appearance department was, dignified a gentleman, whose language was
so refined whose voice was so gentle, whose eminence
was so benignant to be no other than Thomas Jefferson.
How intensely warmly all these premonitions prejudiced
me, & in proportion to their strength was the reaction of that little
place in my opinion a paragon. I felt that I had been
