Monticello Sunday morning 7 o'clock
We arrived about sunset, just at they were commencing
this dinner. The Genl had arrived about 3 o'clock with
his son & Secretary the last so sick that he went to
bed instead of dinner I have not heard how he is this
morning found here only the Genl & his family Col
Cambly & W. Kennedy of the Genl's corps will attend
him till he goes out of the hospital for the family
conversations I may add Mr. Coolidge just from Boston
A large crowd had been here including the individuals
appointed to receive the Genl from Savannah & the party
expecting him but they did not remain much over but
about 20 minutes. The Genl does not say yet how many days
he stays here, He declares a visit to Stanton & will devote
the time not required for the road to appointed sitting
between Mr. Jefferson & myself. It is probable he will not be
with us till near or quite the middle of next week. It will
have with him besides his son & secret. the two Commissioners
such of the company of troops making & conducting him
at every choice to stop at Monticello. The Miss Wrights
are expected here tomorrow of Mr. Douglas & his daughter
the family here have no notice the Genl thinks they may
make a call as a morning visit only they must of course
with the Miss Wrights but without they will precede them
in the visit, so as is undertaking, you can't blame them
whether the Miss Wrights will precede, accompany, or follow the
Genl I may learn more today but not in time to make you
the Genl on finding I had a letter for them proposed to take
charge of its visit and given them of course. My old friend
embarrassed me with pretty warmth, he is in fine health
& spirits but so much increased in bulk exchanged in
aspects that I should not have known him, they
are doing their possible at the university to do him
honor, we shall set out whether about 9 o'clock I cannot
decide till the evening when I shall return, I am only
without hope it may be tomorrow
With devoted affection
J Madison
W. M. Williams about 6 o'clock from
Washington Thursday 23rd May 1861
My dearest
We reached our quarters, last evening at
the camp between 8 & 9 o'clock made out very well, I have
spent the journey among the troops who are in high
spirits & make a good appearance, the reports as to
the enemy, have passed every hour, the land & probably
heavest, information is that they are not very strong
& are without cavalry & artillery, of course that they
are not in a condition to attack us Washington, It is
believed also that they are not about to move from
Washington, unless to be from an apprehension of
