a left of hair on the crown. He took off his turban
& showed them that his head was shaved after the
same fashion & enquired if their fellow people had
always done so. When they were your fathers where did your
fathers come from? did they come from my country, for
in that I offer they you do, you are like my people
2 our father was Schmael. Such were among the other
captives Melly Melly made through the medium of the
respective interpreters that attendance
The Junessian minister was the lion of the season
& during the winter, he had his splendid suite invited to all the fashionable parties, where he could
not conceal his astonishment at the freedom with
which he was accepted by our ladies & the general
liberty allowed them in society. He brought most
somptuous presents for the officers of government & likewise
his orders But in compliance with our laws
these presents could not be accepted to return
them would be an offense to the government & when
they were sent the only cause that could be favored
was to have them publicly sold. & and sold they were
must to the regret of the ladies to whom they had
been presented— Such costumes & habits, & robes— a
several silver dirhams, case— none of these were suitable
& splendid articles for female use, none all disposed of, nor would an exile the articles designed
for the officers of government, such as curiosities
richly inlaid sabres, muskets &c. were disposed
in the State Department, where they are still to be
seen, together with similar presents from other
governments.
When the Jefferson daughters were with him they waited a
round visits on exactly the same terms as other ladies in the same society.
There had been a great deal of difficulty about points of etiquette
between with foreign ministers. The President had decided that
our home ministers (viz., heads of departments) should take precedence
of foreign ministers, & that the senators should receive the
first visit from our own, as well as foreign ministers. Except
terms were taken to both these regulations & a really serious
matter made of it by the English minister, Mr Merry,
who threatened an appeal to his government. When Mrs R.
Jefferson's daughter arrived, Mrs Merry wrote her a note
requesting to be informed, whether she would be received
as the wife of a member of congress, or as the daughter
of the President. Mrs D— replied, she claimed no distinction
whatever but wishes to hold the same consideration
extended to other strangers. Even when his daughter came
with him, Mr Jefferson never had Drawing-rooms, or even
private evening parties & only persons such as women on terms
of personal intimacy ever made evening visits to the
Presidents House. These the friends of intimateintance, enjoyed in these evening visits all the ease & freedom of domestic
circle. Mr Jefferson, democratic as he was, & accessible as he
was to all classes of his fellow citizens, continued without them
and of equal formal ceremonies, to secure himself the
pleasures of a select & defined society, without resorting to any
of the offensive & exclusive forms & ceremonies, which in
European society constitute the barriers which separate
