letting out my return tomorrow. It is very possible however that I may be detained till Friday morning. I am sure you will all the foreign news in the enclosed papers that from France has a better complexion than preceding weeks. In temper towards the Y.S.F. the tone of Cammings speech also is different from the arrogance of his instructions to Mr. Jenkins. Payne writes I must refer to his letter for what I am prevented from adding relations to Capt Cole's death. Yours with constant affection
James Wilson
My dearest
The commencement of rain found me at the gate of Woolly where I have since slept by its convenience, working with anxiety for an interval to get home. This has not happened & I am compelled another night is taking place with our prospects of change to give up the hope of being with you till tomorrow morning. Till then address with my respects to your best affections J. Wilson
Four of the 1st instant my dearest gives me much satisfaction but it cannot be complete till I have your answer with me. Let me know the moment you can of the time you will set out that I may make
arrangements for paying the 2d. day Job has been sold in Kent but unfortunately the bills here are not yet come in & are on 8th York at 60 days so that some negotiation will be necessary I did not expect you would receive much from your tenants. Don't forget to do something as to improving the buildings. Your question as to Spain & England is puzzling as one gets into all human it is possible the other may change her conductance. If a general war takes place in Europe Spain will probably be left dependent to insult us & England left despairing of her insolite subsistence will be forced by either armament can be found. It certainly will not if they consult their interest. The power of deciding questions of war & providing measures that will make or break it rests with Congress & that is always one answer to your prosperity. Madam I am here the General not your friends see all well except Capt J—— who has been in extreme danger but is mending Mr. S—— has been unwell. I receive a letter from Payne & one from Mr. H——s M.P. 8th postscript makes my mouth water. Colonel Ward's would too if he had ever had the taste which I have had your own
affection
J. Wilson
