The first of January, the only other public reception day,
the same out-of-door hilarity could not of course take
place. The military companies, after parade were dismissed
with exception of the officers, who with other citizens thronged
to the President's House. Here the arrangements for the
month of July
of the company were the same as on their previous occasion
to the President's House. The Company marched
down the street, and the President's reception was
notably more magnificent in its beauty
being in keeping with the bravery of the Union Army, which
is the source from all parts of the Union, in the union of
the military seat of government, even our savage brethren from
among the tribes of the North Coast of Canada, in describing the company
to the woods & fields of the front west. On one occasion
described by Sir A. Foster in his "History of the U.S." he
seems to think the President failed in paying due
respect to the gentleman men of the Diplomatic Corps.
It really may have been so, not only the President
but the whole assembly company may have parroted
in this neglect, so loudly was the interest & the curiosity
excited by the appearance of the Corps chiefs & their
attendant squaws -- and likewise of the Duncan
members, Melly, Melly & his splendid couple & numerous
suite. It must be confessed that in their turbaned
heads, their bearded faces, their turkish costume, rich
or red, velvet, cashmere, gold & porches could make it
attracted more strongly than a marked attention than
the more familiar appearance of the European
ministers. These two eminences, one from Africa
the other from the far western wildness of the
Far West, were so unique, so extraordinary, so
strangely contrasted, that they were inevitably attractive
to the company at large, though it seems scarcely probable
that the President should have been so exclusive in his
attention to savage Chieftains, as to have neglected proper
attention to the representatives of royalty, however ancient
he might have been to court democratic populants, the
reason assigned by this writer for his plain dress & plain
manners.
These Osages were noble specimens of the human
race, I would have afforded fine studies for the painter
or sculptor. Tall, erect, finely proportioned & majestic
in their appearance, they seemed to be nature's own
creation dignified & graceful, in their demeanour, their
voice seemed to be nature's own
imitation dignified & graceful, in their demeanour, their voice
seemed to be nature's own imitation dignified & graceful, in their
demeanour, their voice seemed to be nature
