Although Mr Jefferson has been called a visionary man
& certainly did owe to the science & philosophy on the perfectness
ability of man, yet he was likewise an essentially practical man,
& like Franklin studied the most minute circumstances that
surrounding him influenced the welfare, & comfort & improvement of social life. Among other customs which he thought
did more harm than good, was the futilely wearing mourning
for deceased relatives, & making very expensive funerals.
Could these observances be confined to the rich, they would
be, he said, comparable to harpies, but as such a limitation was impossible, the only way to check the evil, was
in the wealthy class renouncing these expensive shows &
forms of grief, the consideration which is the former
shape, now not only inconvenient, but often ruinous.
On this point, he informed me, except by example, when
he lost his almost idolized daughter Mrs E. —, hardly a death-
day as he felt this bereavement, neither he or any of his family
but on mourning, neither did he make any change in
his usual habits, but continued his dinner parties & received company as usual, considering them as portions of his public duty,
to receive & entertain members of Congress & other official characters. In this he went too far, & miscalculated the common feeling
of humanity, which on such an occasion would have afforded
rather than condemned his excluding himself from for a
whole from society; he had not sufficient faith in the sympathies of human nature & impeded to it an undeserved
degree of self-interest, when he believed it his duty
to enrich the poor, private, in the public man. At the time, persons
said, "what a vile Mr Jefferson is". But it was not otherwise, as
those who saw him watching over the declining life of this beloved child, might have told them. During Jefferson's mother's lifetime he
had with her, with him at Monticello, where he devoted himself exclusively to her. She preferred less to be buried
more easily in the open air, & was daily drawn for hours together through the grounds in a low garden-chair, he never
allowed any one to draw this chair but himself. Daily did
he die. Death did he guard for his lovely & beloved child. Mr Jefferson was no stoic.
As the close of his official life drew towards a close, he
looked brighter & happier, could it be otherwise, even allowing him to
be an ambitious man, for had he not gained the goal & won the
prize, the ambition of an American citizen could obtain. He was
urged by his friends to some matter more than another election,
but positively declined, "he longed," as he expressed himself in
a letter to his daughter, "to be longed for for the privacy & tranquility
of home." To this home he looked as a secure & peaceful
haven where he might repose after the exertions of a period of
a stormy voyage. He tranquilly calculates on Mr Madison as
his successor, consequently on a continuance of the same policy
that had governed his own administration. For this excellent
man Mr Jefferson felt not only the esteem & confidence of the most
perfect friend's help, but an almost paternal affection & was as ambitious for him, as he had ever been for himself.
