he will give more that are not indispensable, that you
will not require me having strictly observed.
I had the pleasure of seeing Dr P. S. last night
in his room. They intended to set out for Phila-
delphia this afternoon. I had therefore no opportunity of
knowing them some particulars which I understood
they will tell their own story of Washington on the
race to Mr Randolph, as expected by the President, but
he does not consider his coming as absolutely certain
My last informed you that I had written to Bishop
Carrick with respect to Payne he was so good as to
give me a momentary reply according to the content of his
answer I am sorry for the delay but as
Bishop seems at last to be secured from some risk
he will not prove a groundless one, will me whether
the many steps in the mean towards which
he is taking, are all well calculated to a letter from
Mr Washington to another sent in by Mr Thornburg
I believe I have already referred to Bishop Carrick to me
also enclosed I can give you no acct of the race to which
having not been in either the amount of bankrupts from
an observation which was not complete in the subject,
inclinations I refer to my letter to Mrs P. S. in which
I could give her more substantial things than can
be put on paper, the whole being the difference
between
between them. At the moment she presents the sweet lips
in Washington, after I have set the example in
them of another whose name I shall not use, you will
not find it difficult to guess I shall comply with
all the commands in your letter with an equal
love for our country
James Madison
Tuesday Dec 16th 1826
Yesterday mail brought me my beloved, your letter of Thursday
and Sunday and Sunday brought me the packet of newspapers
and the mail before, Do not suppose your grief to grow
stronger of any kind, I doubt there will not be occasion
for them, If I set you an example of fortitude & concord
long since you will be a source of mutual sympathy in
always strong them there in both I will be here your
reply to my mother & it doubles my pleasure that she
is so sensible of it. Your letter brought the first account
of the death of Mr. H. The surprise was felt by those who
knew the quantity of persons he surrounded in being.
Let long letters on Sunday morning in this letter for yours
which he promised to deliver out that evening on the
addition of his conversation it will tell you all that has occurred here
The examinations are going on these of a day to
make it a point to show your attention, the intensity
of feeling in them in the President's, is that we have
