Board, or the full use of popularly extended to a strong
and independent party, with which combination of opinion must be
found united in the most thorough of actions. His cabinet was
formed of men of the highest character, and of all political
and personal friends, whose opinions, interests, and principles were
to harmonize with his own, that the different views respectively
taken by different minds of the same subjects never produced
a discordant declamation of opposition to actions. Often has Mr
Jefferson been heard to declare that the disloyalty and character
of his administration, was the one which he most highly appreciated.
In fact, such he is to friends, no one can doubt.
When he looks of his residence in the Capitol, House, he finds
a family wardrobe fitted with articles brought from
Philadelphia which had been used by Govt. Washington.
These though would have failed to return from myself
to his former residence. His drawing room, carpeted
with all the same crimson damask furniture that
had been used for the same purpose in Philadelphia.
The additional furniture necessary for more extensive
movements provided by the government, used in the same
place to excuse. The large cabinet room was intended
for the papers of the President, the apartment in which he lodged
and slept was in the cabinet, this he had arranged with
all the interest and care of a private man. The room of
conversation in the cabinet was a long table with frames on each
side, in which were deposited not only articles of food
for the family, but a set of cards for games. In the
opposite room was a garden, in which he derived much
pleasure from the use of which he derived much
improvement
around the walls were masses of flowers, chairs, books, etc.
to the windows masses were stands full of flowers.
Stocks which it was his delight to attend to among his roses
& geraniums was often suspended the cage of his favorite
mocking bird, which he chanted with peculiar foreplay not
only for its melodious powers, but for its uncommon intelligence,
reflexional disposition, of which qualities he gave sufficient
evidence. It was the constant companion of his solitary
studies hours. Whenever he was in the House
he found the cage let the bird fly about the room
like a bird for a mile from one front to another,
it would alight on his table & regale him with its
melodies of notes, or perch on his shoulder to take its food
from his lips. From when he retired to his chamber
it would stop on the stairs after him & while he
took his evening walk, it sat on his coach & sang
forth its melodious strains -- though he loved the bird
that he loved his flowers! He could not live without
something to love, & in the absence of tender love for
children, his love of the flowers became the objects
of tender care. So a man of such disposition, such taste
who would recognize the rude, unpolished Democrat
which foreigner & fellow citizens described him to be!
although in Augustus Foster in the other table, he had
thus defeated him Mr Jefferson, knowing him better & saying
he believed his careless toilette & unceremonious
manners to be mere affectation, appeared, to warn
particularly
