Mr Jefferson was known in Europe as much if not
more, as a philosopher than a politician. While humble
at the French court, he lived in the midst of the literary
& scientific men formed networks of the most distinguished
individuals, not only of France but of the other European
countries. He was the executor of Franklin, not only in his
diplomatic, but in his philosophical & social relations.
On introducing Mr Jefferson to his chosen & most intimate intimate
friends, Dr Franklin expressed his hopes that his young
friend might succeed to the same privileges & confidence
with which he himself had been honored.
"Paris," said Mr Jefferson himself, "seems for me, that
most flattering & delightful spot, & I never forget you enjoyed."
In answer to Dr Franklin's enquiring Paris he added
"that it being saluted by the two best friends of
the country. My gay Paris procured me that distinction
which I have not yet achieved in the polite world.
Baron Humboldt, one day in answer to some enquiries made
to him, stated, "this celebrated
traveller, he replied, "I have come, not to see your great
diversity of mountains, but to become acquainted with your
great men." Among these he held Mr Jefferson in the highest
estimation. On his arrival on our shores, he hastened to Washington
& during his visit to our city, passed many hours together
with Mr Jefferson, whom, when not engaged at other
times he always dined. Baron Humboldt formed not his
estimate of men & manners, by their habiliments & conven-
tionations, and refused as well as he tasted, & judged as more
his manners, he was neither shocked or disgusted, as
was the case with the British Minister (Mr Foster) by
the old fashioned form, ill-mannered address, & simple materials
of the Presidents dress. Neither did he observe remark
the deficiency of elegance in his person, or of neat polish
in his manners, but indifferent to these external &
extraminc circumstances he always always appreciated the intrinsic qualities of the Philosopher
from the Statesman through even the coarsest & homely
costume, which concealed immunities from the ken of
the factitious diplomat.
Even all travellers like Baron Humboldt, they would
obtain much more correct & extensive information of
the countries & people they visited, than is too commonly
the case. He was most truly a citizen of the world, &
whenever he went he felt himself perfectly at
home -- Under all governments -- in all climates, he
