Copy to Vail
Washington, Feb. 23. 1843.
My dear Sir
You will receive by the paper tomorrow that my bill
appropriating $30,000. for a trial of the Telegraph has passed
the House by a vote of 89 to 83. It is read a second time in the Senate
and I am now strong in hopes that it will be carried through the
latter body and become a law before the 4th March.
You can have but a faint idea of the sacrifices and trials I
have had in getting the Telegraph thus far before the Country
and the world. I cannot detail them here, I can only say
that for two years I have labored all my time, and at my own
expence without assistance from the other proprietors (except
in obtaining the iron of the magnets for the test instruments
obtained of you) to forward our enterprise my means to defray
my expenses to meet which every cent I owned in the world
was collected and nearly all gone, and if by any means the bill
should fail in the Senate, I shall return to NYerle with the
fraction of a dollar in my pocket. I wrote to W. Smith some
time since complaining of his not coming on to assist me as
he promised. He wrote me that he was unavoidably prevented
and closes with these words, "But let me say as one of the
"parties interested, I have so great confidence in your own
"love of justice, and of your sacrifices in the enterprise
"that I shall be at all times most willing to have you rein-
"buried and recompensed before any one shall participate
"of a single cent of profits or beyond that
"actual expenditures. Since your return from Europe, yours
"has been the whole expense, yours the whole toil, of keeping
"the principle of life, and hope and utility in the invention.
"Besides the honor which is exclusively your own, I am free
"to accord to you a generous remuneration, out of the earliest
"profits of it." From the character of you, all who are engaged in the
"delay. enterprise I have no fear but a proper allowance will
"be made me cheerfully when it shall have assumed a profitable
"shape.
X X Truly yours in haste
Sam. F.B. Morse.
To Alfred Vail
99016
