She was now returning home in great alarm,
but her husband should inspect her if having
given her private to a lover. During the night
passed, she asked the reason of their apparent
change, and was informed of the whole story of
the famous editor:—how he had been a
cobbler, was impelled with extraordinary knowledge,
and could with the help of his extensive
library, his twelve years of experience, and his
cleansing, discover all that ever had, or could
happen in the world. The story of the jailer's
and the King's robbery was then told her, accompanied
by a thousand wonderful circumstances
which had never occurred. The lady, quite satisfied
of his skill, went up to him and, without mentioning
her love- ing eyes, "I want of your knowledge
and penetration will easily discover my jewels; bind them, and I will give you fifty pieces of gold."
The poor Cobbler was quite confounded, and looked down, thinking only how to escape
without a public opinion of his ignorance.
The lady, in pursuing through the crowd, had
taken the lower part of her veil. Almed's brown
and eyes noticed this, and wishing to inform
her of it in a delicate manner, before it was
observed by others, he whispered to her—"lady,
look down at the veil." The lady's head was full
of her veil, and she was at that moment endeavouring
to reflect how it could have occurred.
Almed's speech brought it at once to her mind,
and she exclaimed in delighted surprise—"I say
here a few moments, then quiet editor—
I will return immediately with the reward that
is well deserved." Saying this, she left him, and
soon returned, carrying in one hand the necklace
and winnings, and in the other, a purse with the
fifty pieces of gold. There is gold for them, then
wonderful man! and she, to whom all the
secrets of nature are revealed. I have quite forgotten
where I laid the jewels, and without them, should
never have found them. But when you desired
me to look at the veil below, I instantly recollected
the rent near the bottom of the veil in the
