mischief as it had done to her slave.
The jeweller's wife, hastily throwing on her
coat, went in search of the dreaded assassin.
When she found him, she threw herself at
his feet, crying, "Save my honor and my life,
and I will confess every thing!
What can you have to confess to me? explain
it in amonement.
"Nothing! nothing with which you are not
already acquainted. You know too well that
I stole the ruby from the King's crown. I did
it to punish my husband, who uses me most
unfairly; and I thought by this means to obtain
mercy for myself, and to have been put to
death. But you, most wonderful man,
from whom nothing is hidden, have discovered
and defeated my wicked plan. I beg
only for mercy, and will do whatever you
command me."
An angel from heaven could not have brought
more consolation to Athene than did the jeweller's
wife. He opened all the magnificent charity that
became his new character, and said, "Woman! I
know all that has been done, and it is fortunate for
you that your heart came to confess itself, and
beg for mercy before it was too late."
Returning to the house, put the ruby under the
pillow of the couch on which the husband sleeps,
let it be laid on the farther side from the door;
and be satisfied that guilt shall never be suspected.
The jeweller's wife returned home, and did as
she was desired. In an hour Athene followed her,
and told the jeweller he had made his calculations,
and found by the aspect of the sun and moon, and
by the configuration of the stars, that the ruby was
at that moment lying under the pillow of this
couch, on the side farther from the door. The
jeweller thought Athene must be crazy; but as
any hope is like a ray from heaven to the watchful,
he ran to his couch, and there, to his joy and
wonder, found the ruby in the very place described.
He came back to Athene, embraced him, called
him his dearest friend and the possession of
his life, gave him the two hundred pieces of gold,
declaring that he was the first philosopher of the
age.
