Sunday is a delightful day to us all - especially the converts
my arguments are such that only one of the women, now
at home (2 that only two dinners a week) will remain
within 21/2 or 3/4 hours to church. The girls have already
commenced their Sunday school lessons. - Mrs. Granadael
(yes, Mrs. Granadael, remember the old gentleman who lives
in St. Louis) is there to be their constant sending bearer to
the church. I feel the truth of what Bishop
says in his excellent sermon on Reformation. "This
city is in retreat that the chosen (of the world) can
be chosen. Did men employ that natural not in capacity
in that direction but the world has begun, not in
formidable plans of magnanimity, but in subjecting the
dispossessed which the world affords to a direct
despotic rule, the spirit would disintegrate in the vacuum
of the universal possessions which had long surrounded
them, the nakedness of the world affirms. In the
last six years movement from the British dignitaries
of society, I have often entertained in the world
an influence of its interest - Intense. This dignitary
attitude views, its pleasures have appeared as hypocrisy
2 paralogues, its light airs, or law, its respect of
happiness or insignificance of territory, thus I have
understood how they could ever delight in interest one
or the other side - Students in this movement
I have tasted of a former epoch - have enjoyed higher
flourished pleasures, a much more lasting ones
than the most brilliant circle of fashionable
opponents - the pleasure of intellect - Oh! Those
hours, those happy hours I have passed in
the institution entitled to title not of my own
chamber - Berlin, my only companions, in the world
of God spreading round me a man's testimony, his
power, his wisdom, a place where his goodness, his
patience has become participious to the same things that
once delighted, now is not even pleasure more complete
than in these three or four evenings that I have passed
in company since I came to the city both at home
2 abroad, were less pleasantly found than those spent
alone with the family, one of the quiet reading aloud
which are neither - they wanted intellects not able to
persons who cannot to converse - but the conversation
fastens, provokes opinion or mutual conversation in these
gatherings together to them of the greatest talent, appear
to be greater & often not as great as sometimes an equally
concentrated - I regret I have no similar selection - I must
ask who will give me - but this will not do - it is making
ones self the subject of others, the slave of opinion. I
will not be precise later - It seems more or more
to give offense - but I will give you begin to limit
my intercourse to cultivate a few intimate intimate acquaintances
2 not have my time for them unprofitably
away. The quiet think I feel as I do at home
more agreeable to merely gay company. Now went to her
family, where social we must return, in so domestic
that I fear we shall see but little of her. For this
she wishes us to visit her often. There must be
reciprocity 2 we cannot do so, unless she wants
to - 2 she seldom wants. - I cannot find out a single
woman lady she is intimateative with 2 her relations are
almost exclusively gentlemen.
