It has two passages below open of into each other, which are
quite furnished with a large room in the end which is fitted
with a comfortable bed room and a large passage which serves as a
hall. I am at present in the midst of my business in the
East Chamber. The state of my business is not to be
desired. I have no work to do but I have been very
busy with the papers. I am now writing to you from
the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from
the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from
the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from
the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing
to you from the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from
the office of the East Chamber. I am now
writing to you from the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from
the office of the East Chamber. I
am now writing to you from the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from
the office of the East Chamber. It is now 10 o'clock in the morning. I am now writing to you from
the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from
the office of the East
Chamber. I am now writing to you from the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from
the office
of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from the office of the East Chamber. I am now writing to you from
October 4th 1813
In the increase of Mr Smith's income, which removed
the great obstacle which Providence had thrown to my
meeting you my dearest Sister, my first thought was that
I could indulge myself in this long desired pleasure &
my spite of the inconvenience attending leaving home
at this time I ventured on it -- I was quite ready
& intended preaching at my trunk the very evening
I received Maria's letter -- In this she informed me
you were to be with her at the very time I
at the time I intended to leave you -- I should
have thought of accompanying you to her home, and she
not in the same letter, said "she hopes that when I
came to Mr J. She would be again down stairs, in the
which would enable me to see you, when in the company
of her chamber -- So -- I must
of my intended journey, yet in chief object was to
see you -- I am it was a serious disappointment
to me & I regret it the more as the circumstances
of a married woman are so uncertain -- my children
are now of an age, I could venture to leave -- they are
perfectly well -- at the time I remarked on this mail
I was so too -- that even a week may change our
circumstances -- I don't know how
