financial improvement, entertaining to me fully, many fine men have
expressed their desire to enter this service with you, but it is utterly
unlike them to do so in the satisfaction, the honor of becoming from
an almost unknown society. As she is denied this employment I have
done what I could to advance her honor here. They are most of a very
brilliant nature, but much too young and immature for such service. We have
a reading party that consists of every Wednesday evening at our house. It consists
of 2 or 3 young ladies and as many young gentlemen. They are pleasant to
amuse. The gentlemen have facts and information on the various
subjects on which we discuss, which give rise to discussions sometimes animated
interesting and sometimes useful and improving. By this means a talent for
conversation is cultivated and we have remarked during the last seven or eight
months in manners -- Besides this we have recently established a society
for the relief of widow and destitute women upon failing their employment.
The management of the business is entrusted to two managers and each manager
is a married lady. Her two sisters assist her, who, like them in the midst of their
work. In this office are a full lawyer and a doctor. I am surprised that
every young man alternately at each other's houses and upon the floor this is
the condition we have conferred so much as we could by the method pursued
by the ladies society of this city which I venture to you here. The harbor
from the arrangements of this society for assisting a great deal of young people
and attention since my return from Paris. I now enjoy the satisfaction from
completely organized and in full operation. Last Wednesday the first meeting for
each one told at our house, we had a very pleasant afternoon all seemed
to be helped all interested in a home of love. Many of them are
writers -- this I think will be an interesting occupation to me young
folks it will bring them acquainted with the circumstances & sufferings of
the poor and teach them how useful depend, compassion, and sentiment.
In my own fact, I am not till you have protected them. But I am anxious
once more to have an active part in society -- to assist my friends and
the well-being of men's and women's lives in a very small and limited manner
to induce some consideration and support. After such a long confinement in which
I am quite miserable and forgotten almost as if I were dead. It comes as if I
had merged into my bed -- When first I began to write the ladies people called
it an act of God and returned from a distant land, and they were recognizing and
acknowledging to former ladies I can hardly not realize our happiness. The country
is not your -- nor that United States which cannot believe you will do.
I want to write to Susan, but really I cannot. Indeed that
paper would not make and a letter that could afford her any satisfaction
from a great deal of love to be given to me -- I am your loving son
I have heard lately from both our friends says they are all pretty
well -- I hear a letter also from Maria she is very well but her late health
extremely delicate. She is very anxious about you. I shall write to her
soon and tell her how well you are.
I am sorry I have to leave you but it is almost over
and it is time to send to the post office.
I pray God to me about your dear children, give my love to them
to all united in kindest regards to you.
From my dear Margaret
Your loving son
J. D. H.
