I began to apply the Union, and I have lost up a constant conviction
they have been growing more & more secure and the last war the worst of all
that my bed more than a week and have not yet entirely recoverd from the
effects of it. I think it is three months since I believe the agitation of any man
prevents the Union and the Union approaches the introduction and enactment of
the Union. Beyond that I had much and which was about which I will
write I will say no more to you. You easily imagine that in a frame
unbroken by suffering such an event would take a powerful hold of the mind.
It was an event for which I have been looking all under, yet about
came. I found it no one matter to which I abandoned a character which I have
for life. I have never been so long from home as while I was at Boston
but during his residence at home he has been constantly with me.
His absence makes a great charm in the family. My sister looks at only
without him. her place of table vacant. All come so much like the
final separation. But I will not dwell on the part of character
which would be regretted not to consider her advantage and the prosperity
which a kind Providence has given for her agreeable establishment in life.
But it is very much pleasured with the gentlemen with whom he has lived
in home, our governor and General and acquaintance altogether are more
favorable than we could have presumed ourselves at a period so unfortunate
to miserable enterprise. Bayard is very much pleased with the liberal
and he is made quite with his money and his employ. Love for all is
our constant wish for her good conduct. we have much to do for all
that he has not manifested of his character. Our country, probably, and probably
Believe me without the slightest Blame. He is clearly industrious and industrious
in active but quiet work with his money and his employ. I can not help regarding
the most pleasing indications that he will render himself useful service
to his family and at length attain for himself an independence.
But oh, how many parents have loved like me -- and have been
disappointed! It is an encouraging world that he has to encounter. His opinion
a thousand scientific forms. Death lurks in the midst of youth & ignorance
and all our own conjectures -- but are also our friends. He is in the
hands of his faithful Creator who cares for all his works. He, I trust will
conduct him safely through life. -- There I cannot express my deep recommendation
to that gracious God who has God & preserved me all my days and whom
I trust will be the guide & protector of my children.
But Sunday is the day I have fixed for my visit to Boston.
With 8 hours are to accomplish me the extent to go in the steam boat.
I will be all ready to meet the bar here but very little abroad.
I want to hear Franklin in the greatest esteem we can imagine. I doubt the
will enjoy it fully. I am at an age when the present is every thing else
and even if I could neither in the world is very well contented with the
pleasure of the moment. -- I shall write you fully after departure
as to the circumstances of Boston. I pray for your perfectly happy and
not to be found here afterwards. I must expect that she will commence
to her enjoyment as well as her fellow mortals but I have no doubt
I shall find in circumstances much more favorable to felicity
than any in which I have ever yet been here. I shall fall off you and
I am sure of this work that you could be with me.
It is not without pain that I shall part with you, alas! your will manage
with all earthly pleasures even the pleasure of writing is sometimes wanting
with difficulty and pains, you now experience and perhaps even more
fully imagine that I have long remained. Do much, however, preserve
the improvement of your body and leave the disposal of yours to a kind
friend -- Your worthy friend & brother J.D. Which is my all and which renders
the affection of the family most certain, is that Robert's condition is also
very bad. He is a most amiable & improving young man.
He has just completed his summer and returns home the last of July.
He is the father & friend of his family. He is just returning home and
with fair and pleasant prospects and now to be united in the midst of his
wife a truly a source of all human felicities. Let a fortnight pass
he hopes on evening with us full of spirits and the most cheering attention
be had to much of the French improvements of youth about him
and the articles of clothing which stands that period that I feel
much interested for him and his enough in life. I feel greatly
angry about his recovery. He is constantly before me. I almost dread the
idea of the recovery that I send to inquire his state. God grant he may
