Day after day, a week after week I earnestly asked
to write to you, I cannot overlook the necessity
for several letters of my having written a note, but
since I have not been able. The complaint I mentioned
in my last has continued so that I could take no
more time in the want of excuse or justification. I am
about full habit and induced other complaints which
have disabled me from any action whatever. I found
that to me is no amusement, except in of chiefly
a good deal of hypnotical affection. I made a
great exertion to write. Many a very miserable
letter in order to prevent the feeling away at my
place. I am growing very uncomfortably in points of
life which remains entirely in painful pain. Whenever
I have been at all able, I have been obliged to
give their lessons, the frequently while they were reading.
I have fallen fast asleep for this drowning, comes
over me as regularly about noon or ever the noon and
ten I always feel the better for company a hour
either to weather God a good deal. Since battling cannot
stay with me as the difficulty opens on the business
but ride out on downcast Ohio or leave a meal
to pass part of the morning – always spends Sunday
with me – Mrs. Thorton & Mrs. Baudreau, Mrs. L. Mrs.
Luella, Mrs. Castis, & now Mrs. Duff with her daughter,
& several other ladies & a number of gentlemen have
come out to spend the day or afternoon without
restation – among the gentlemen I have made a new
& most agreeable acquaintance. Mr. Warden, excellent
at Paris – He is a young man of great taste, intellect
& literary, & quite in the literary circle of Paris. Intellectuals
with the members of the National Institute, & a
the men of science – He is the particular acquaintance
of Mrs. D. Arthly of Helen, Mrs. Williams, of Van Kempton
& Baron Hamoldt (very acquaintances) & almost
an inmate at the Dickinson. In his manner he
has all the simplicity of which I do not wonder
that him for the literary man he is the comes
close to Breckfast's dinner, & tea time and so much
at once in the cathedral. That he is a reader, I doubt if
