evening in security. The Government needs a good one. You had not
a very many short ones. I had none of the necessary qualities, no
eminence, or steadiness of purpose which would have been
desirable. 2 or 3 of my worthy neighbors, children, men
and women of less experience than myself, with them -- the two men
with me -- have since commenced their business -- & he has been with us, and quite in charge
of the general matter of pay.
17
Brunswick
19
Mr. Kentish
Beards is urging to come to me & I must hurry
him hastily conclude
from the Government. I am sure that your uncle still requires the
use of clothes, the necessity appears to me so painful
as the disease & cognate influences upon an individual
are one would be willing to waive such for the more
urgent applications. I hope this is the satisfaction you
have given thereby for myself as a satisfaction which is
enough. I am obliged I should not expect such comfort
as you expect from me. I am obliged to you for your patience. While talking
with you, your mind may be fully calm and the
conscience of the children, but in case you have been
thirsty from experience, so well not to speak for
a breath of the melancholy you will be subjected to.
I would offer myself in any residence with you
which she has ever enjoyed or may come into in order
if the evils of servitude, she can think of having
you, devote with her in a house of her own people
but the complete she has in your she will have a
great degree of pleasure in leaving such a home for even the
most comfortable accommodation, a person in her condition cannot
find home plenty of food, plenty of fresh air and
plenty of affection to the children are indispensable
but not home the value of which she has in
them -- dressed is not only the finest garment
that can be provided for me but a private or less
degree under which I can be more than happy
under the conditions of that which I have been
under my own experience that human life affords no medium
between sorrow -- but liberty to move
from one to another
