intended leaving home on Friday morning. - The chief
almost sole object of my presence was to have some time
with you. I had seen twice the year before - but
not in for the last - had I been as well agreed for
nothing with you or I have been the last month at
home, I could have had very little enjoyment of
your society, and must have been at home by
the first of November, if rent would have
been very humbled. I will hope some time
or other to Washington, when I shall have more
time at command. We are now looking impatiently
for your answer to my last. Ann is very
solicitous about it. She has not seen Washington
a single acquaintance of her own age - Marygold
for the last 2 years has been so much the fashion
that there is scarcely a couple young women left
single - and of all her acquaintance, there is no
one she is so much attached to as Marygold -
I think Mary will not only give us great pleasure
by coming, but likewise does us a great deal of good -
Susan is not yet here, but if you could phone
Mary Ann so soon, it would be agreeable to several
of them to come together - Susan is very anxious of
separate companions, which has been one motive for
her waiting - The roads away to the wagons, are now
of all nations bad, but are much better now from
they will be in December - Did I see my last request
that Mary Ann might bring her music - I may send
on some of your old tunes - Robert Gray, 2 men it
will be quite a treat to me. I am not certain whether
Julia will take lessons this winter; her father is very
determined she should learn, he is extremely proud of
music - but I fear her want of steadiness - at any
rate I shall try to have an instrument -
I am at present very busy with my needle - I
wish to get the most of my winter work done
before we move to return - heat months I shall
be busy in making carpeting, curtains in a pretty
style, house in order - we shall move in little
furniture as possible. - Mrs Smith wishes to be
in by the first of December. - We have received
5 hopes a good courier for the farm - what ever
be a great relief to Mrs B. - This year has made
labour so scarce, we have not done what we
intended. - What do you think of all our victories?
The dear children are all perfectly happy and
they enjoy this delightful season of the year,
are very busy gathering chestnuts, grasses, etc. -
Dee Binner Mrs Cuttigig of Fancy Cloister both send
their hundrest congratulations - Julia & Susan say
they would give any thing to see Aunt Maria's baby -
May she continue well & be blessed with the power of
nursing her darling - remember I am far away & shall be anxious
of her own joyous news. I am very affectionately
your loving father
Wm H. Harrison
