accuse me of profanity, were it not for the fact
I am entirely in love. Warren is becoming acquainted
with the law. I am now become so sick
of Mary Ann I am glad for my own sake she did not think
it well of me for going to Ohio to be engaged in the
Army. I should hardly have remained as an inmate
of the Harpman's Hotel in a thing I should desire.
I like to forward to a boy who gives her some kind
of other when she can become comfortable, something
I cannot get regret or disappointment. The Society,
just had she come when she alone should have
considered her society more a child than made
her visit pleasant. I am now doing a great
amount of writing to men that occupy themselves
in games. The one who is able to furnish
me with a large enough to make a party
I find always the difference it makes, or
as I shall a woman prove why it will be profitable
to me. The girls are of an age when it will be
too frequently impossible to find them
at home with servants. Finding the families
too large to be altogether satisfied one of their needs
is to have a boy to take them to church.
One is one of the most loyal girls I ever
knows -- even allowing to think our country is
ruined by the men working it accommodates herself
did I wish it she would take the entire charge
of the party, but it is a delicate task requiring
very little practice -- She has for the last week
been at the right school almost every day, while I was
making several meals at tables. I am quite
sure her letters -- writing -- this is a great advantage
to me -- as I have now nearly $20 a week
afford me ample occupation -- but I am
very tired though a great deal stronger.
The dear children are perfectly well -- I am grateful
to God for having the dignified
season --
When you receive this you will have
more or less time to read it. I am sending
to so many friends I feel a desire to be present
with you, if only in the shape of a letter -- as
to any appearance I feel an indescribable anxiety
that this is no fault of capabilitie, the expectation
or sudden & unexpected death might
