So you have so often sympathized in the sorrows of my dear
Fanny, I am certain you will also rejoice in any good that may
come her. At this moment she is quite healthy, her father
her and earthly stay, where she almost gave up at last has
returned in the last instalment in death and aged. I was the
only from the dead. She is entirely reconciled, and I have
the satisfaction of seeing once more well & cheerful. I get it
only as a gleam of sunshine thru a dark and stormy cloud.
For her brother is out of employ -- and greatly in debt from
the expense of his captivity, and therefore utterly unable to do
any thing for her or Antoinette, much as he wishes to provide
for them. Fanny has at last an asylum with me but she
will not seek a place. Do you know whether Mr. Brown
can get a friend for her? If she has not would you be
good enough to mention Antoinette to him. Her manners are altogether
polite and agreeable, and she is very well qualified to make a
brilliant & useful inmate in a family. They were very much
afflicted to her at Windsor and I believe she gave entire satisfaction
to all particulars. She does not understand music nor piano
which probably would be against her, but she could certainly
talk her own language, and with the help of books, all the
essential branches of education -- If Mr. Brown should
die I do not know of any other place, where she would be
to meet with kindness and consideration they would be
comfortable about the place. Preferring one of your merits &
perpetuity. I do not expect to apply to you, my dear Margaret, because I know the pleasure it gives you to depend on the unfortunate
and Fanny says she would rather give an obligation to you than any
other -- I am not afraid that Antoinette would get to
judging our actions. She is an amiable young woman, and I am
surprised would render herself acceptable. She has real tenderness
but no that extreme of sensibility which however interesting
it is a source of sorrow to the father. and if in all events
limited to this, is good sense and a knowledge of the world and
before her late afflictions. The most charming society of women.
I am told she is a good deal altered -- but further in matters
there she would regain her native spiritfulness -- Let me hear
from you soon
How are all your dear children? Jane has got the
shaking seriously. Elizabeth does not yet know the one cause
of her illness. I hope they will have it removed as soon as
possible. I give Jane Antoinette were in small way
from the day -- and I do with a great deal of
regret at this time. I wish her very much she is only
here as an act of grace. Mr. Stanford is now with me well
known to the world. I am quite happy to see my poor friend
enjoy a little interval of peace. a few moments of tranquillity.
He also has had another delightful letter from an old friend, Mr.
Stainforth, a fellow prisoner, gave it to me in England. It has been
the transport for me and I feel reached the destination.
It is my love to hear it from the girls, and I hope the news
will be for me. Best regards to Mrs.
