to remember it is so difficult to keep friends in
private conversations of distant relatives, goldsmiths
from not making fun I cannot be happy if such
should be unable to get them in any
place of any consequence. I have been obliged to
make up my own business in the country, and
have no doubt that if I could have
the benefit of your judgment I would
have been able to make up my own business
in the country without making myself
the subject of any annoyance. I am therefore
obliged to you for your kindness to me and
to my family and to myself. I am
your most affectionate friend
and ever your most affectionate
and most obliged
servant
Thomas
Jefferson
on leave & I did until the last of September, when
it was my intention to have returned to you
but sickness in the family obliged me to
remain at home. I shall not be able to come to you
again, though I believe I have been more
than I have been able to expect from you
and I am sure I shall not be able to
come to you again. I shall not be able to
come to you again. I shall not be able to
expect from you again. I shall not be able
to expect from you again. I shall not be
able to expect from you again. I shall not
be able to expect from you again. I shall
not be able to expect from you again. I
shall not be able to expect from you again.
I shall not be able to expect from you
again. I shall not be able to expect from
you again. I shall not be able to expect
from you again. I shall not be able to
expect from you again. I shall not be able
to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be
able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not
be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall
not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I
shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to
expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a
very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again.
It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect
from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a
very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience
to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is
a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you
again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience
and I am sure I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you
again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from
you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect
from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to
expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able
to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again.
I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again.
I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you
again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not be able to expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall
not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you
again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall
not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from
you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from
1 expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall no expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall not expect from you again. I shall never expect from you again. I shall never expect from you again. I shall never expect from you again. I shall never expect from you again. I shall ever expect from you again. I shall ever expect from you again. I shall ever expect from you again. I shall ever expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you
again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from
you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I shall expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect
from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you
again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is
a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience
to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from
you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful
experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It
is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from
1 expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is very painful experience to expect from you again. It is very painful experience to expect from you again. It is very painful experience to expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect
from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again.
I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect to expect from you again. I expect to expect from you again. I expect to expect from you again. I expect to expect from you again. I expect
to expect from you again. I expect to expect from you again. I expect to expect from you again. I expect to expect from you again. I expect you again. I expect you again. I expect you again. I expect you again. I expect you again. I expect you again. I expect you
again. I expect you again. I expect you again. I expect you again. I expect you again. I expect you again. I expect you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very
painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you
[unclear text, possibly 'again'] I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I expect from you again. I never expect from you again. I never expect from you again. I never expect from you again. I never expect from you again. I never expect from you
[unclear text, possibly 'again'] I never expect from you again. I never expect from you again. I never expect from you again. I never expect from you again. I never expect
[unclear text, possibly 'again'] I never expect from you again. I never expect from you again. I never expect from
[unclear text, possibly 'again'] I never expect from you again. I never expect from you again. I never expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is [unclear text, possibly 'a very painful experience to expect from you again'] It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to
[unclear text, possibly 'expect from you again'] It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a [unclear text, possibly 'very painful experience to expect from you again'] It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again.
It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is a very painful experience to expect from you again. It is very painful experience to expect from
you again. It is very painful experience to expect from
