I wish sincerely she could content herself with making
her her home, but am sensible that from the time
I began mentioning she could not be wholly free.
The influence comes to Philadelphia with every one
of her appearance who will be here at the Supreme
Court where Justice will break up the last of Patience
or part of March. But her plan must depend
on her execution on the weather & roads. The winter
is fast a little time in Philadelphia. Princeton
& Baltimore will be in May. You will be out of
time. The time required to this period with every other
feeling is much embarrassment as to purpose brought
to consideration -- I hope my dear sister, that all those
harmful feelings which were excited in her last
letter, have long since subsided; indeed could he have
read the enclosed heart the minutes which dictated her
arguments but which meant better, he never would
have felt as he did -- I hope however long, he
have felt as he did -- I hope however long, he
have felt as he did. I feel as he does -- I feel as he cannot
feel himself, he will attempt you and some
kind message about will enable Mason to
listen to the views details of his affection which
come day with you -- but indeed without something
of this kind and from my good brother, I do not think
after the letter he wrote she can be any more
even for a day, consistent with duties her feelings
a self respect written under an enrollment of
the nearest feelings, neither you nor her husband are
aware of its permanence. On my dear sister
it rests to give a satisfied wound that with
its long a society felt -- brave would not answer
to Nicholson, that he wished to see it -- it was not with
most persuasion he would let me read it -- she however
was it let me. He expressed it how made me too
deep to be crowded. I hope, alas, why cannot we be
sometime to your heart, it not be judged of myself
meaning by language or imperfect -- I never mean nothing
to self interest more than to affectuate your heart --
head -- I not your heart was wrong -- Mr. H. Wilson reminds
her self love towards her affection, but it contains her
self no bitterness, if hearts, he she never addresses to Nicholson
the letter in which, except to a particular relation its meaning,
but often speaks with practical effectuation of American
revolutions which are always accompanied with tears.
At what events expect for what cannot be omitted,
but vain as it is, our dear Maria is afraid from
applied by his own regret, nothing could have but
the death blow of her mother, to Lawrence that she
it reminds her, it cannot always comfort -- I
never have felt in God's sight for one minute
that he embarrassemme in one
of her operations from your family -- I am sure you
will feel sorry for me that I am so sure
in myself -- I will not be a heavy burden upon
heart -- I will give letters to you do not for the world
attend to what I have said of yourself -- I would
believe to God to suppose I had made such a statement
to you and what I have said, of that responsibility --
property would not allow her to be for this minute
as it is in the letter from home, as an article of
not more my esteem than here -- this subject has
unintentionally taken up my whole letter to have
room to answer yours -- I cannot express to you
of me most sincere affectionate participation in
all your comfort in all your wants. Families are all
perfectly well -- the weather is delightful -- believe
your 2 loving beloved sister -- my heart takes you
up to
