to continue in letter -- but I have thought of you
almost every hour of that time particularly at night
I would give almost anything I am worth at
this moment to know how you will and in
your family -- May a kind Providence protect you
2 years from the alarming disease you mention.
I promised myself the pleasure of knowing that
you went away every way better for your recovery,
& regret that its good effects should be lost by
the anxiety you feel. I congratulate you with
all my heart on your recovered activity I hope
you will never again suffer from the distressing
lamentation which has so long confounded you.
I was highly gratified by the amount you
give of the Lydian book I should did commerce
stander hope that it, be delighted to give
one on the same principles -- My neighborhood
is populated generally by poor people, but not neglects
of that kind of religion, one or two families
excepted. There is one very near to me, containing
15 or 16 widowers with four children -- eminently
poor; these 3 ladies in the neighborhood in myself
have determined to take under our care. The scheme
was supported by Mrs Bradley, our own neighbor
about 10 blocks from me. I have mentioned to you Her
husband or Bradley is Deputy- postmaster our
office that gives him a handsome salary.
They are from New England & have all he wishes
with few of the faults of their country.
She is one of the kindest, warm hearted & friendly
women I have ever met in my life -- She seems
as if she can never do enough for those around her.
She is a woman of strong natural mind, goodness
& honesty both reached up from the common
scenes of life she has passed through; she is every
day a tributary, a never failing entrance into
our society -- a most excellent housekeeper what you
call a thorough pay woman -- She is to me at
all times a most kind & agreeable night companion
with a week papers we do not spend an one
night with each other -- She is a most valuable
acquisition to me -- seldom & ever go to bed
at a very very small the wants of society,
is completely from my family except me. I use
with the sun, & yet this day is never long enough
to finish a many telegrams I cannot not to complain
if I have one minute of unconciousness -- what with
it or hard to perform duties which we all
know -- I have very few sheets of what I consider
as -- I am almost exhausted at times when I have said
"I cannot help it" but I think this, however
short as they yield to perseverance. But if there
are my dear sisters in the world I would attempt
them in resolutions, harmonies a discord as striking
as in the Electrical -- Susan has been looking out
for some time for an opportunity to go to Atlanta
was prepared to go, when the news from Atlanta
has obliged her for a little while at least --
threw not what one he stands, but imagine
they enterure that as she demanded from me strength
which is to try to give some little establishment in
Atlanta -- I hope for her sake she will succeed as
I do not think it possible for her to be happy in the
