felt so much satisfaction for any of my friends when
when Nicholas was in distress, his family being small.
I did not feel what I do now brother with his
large & interesting family. I think many of
them & with me were very sick & very painful
that we could not. These are friends whom I admire.
Oh my dear Sister I wish you could read all
that I have in my heart, without any barrier to
convey my thoughts & feelings to you or Sister.
I feel as if a dark & gloomy cloud had passed
away, as if a heavy burden had been from my
back; and which I think as if I have received
themselves was first & I had regained my health. And
I do really believe that this must myself have
sometime of the same sensation. Was stronger
in that where such mutual kindness existed,
& where there were so many mutual & deep
feelings, that kindness, kindness, could so easily
destroy all the effort of an excellent
character. I cannot say I am in retrospection
perfectly satisfied with myself, this at the time.
I made great mistakes & do that I thought
right. My tenderness was completely stilled & my
self-love at any period, continually wounded by
menaces I really knew not how to describe.
Since at first acquaintance, since the period
we were first inmates of the same manner, the
same want of accordance always prevented confidence
& harmony. Let on this late occasion, this occasion
positibility of temper & character, he became equally indifferent
to the happiness of both. You as sister, daily, or Mrs
Hodge will now be acquainted with the manner
which so entirely affected me. The difference of age
makes her contented, to see you treated with a quieted
degree of attention in every thing, than any single woman
can expect to expect. But enough of this.
We have at present 5 carpenters at work
who board & lodge here, which you may believe
affords me occupation of enough. Since leaving
the sun, breakfast at seven, am busy all the morning,
die at one & then am a lady the rest of the
day. My sweet Anne, is the most obliging house
assistant I could have. After she has answered
her party, she attends to the girls for me, while
in the kitchen. Our house will soon
be in 10 days or a fortnight the finishing act
of furnished & I shall then resume my regular
system of employment for the summer. Ann who
has never been her own mistress before & had no room
to herself, seems quite to enjoy this latter circumstance
& sits in the room from breakfast until dinner
reading history &c. I feel sorry that our weather
should have interrupted the plan she had designed
for the employment of her time. After dinner
I need some way of amusement while she &
the girls sew by me. She does a great deal
of sewing. Mrs S. who is waiting for my
letter bids me conclude
