can suppose - I who have so long suffered in a land of
strangers, ought to bless its cheering influence, which has
often comforted me. About how often within the
last year have I wished, vainly wishing to be with you! But
let us hope the time is not too short for us, when we
shall meet in our little souls, even in this world. Let no
hope that our children will not always be strangers in
that day may come when they will find in each
other bolder love than in their parents' love. I wish
you would be one link in this chain of union - I
see not how she can leave you, I even now it does
not seem right that she is not with you. I knew that
Poor Tanny's part had been hurt, but had no idea until
your last letter, that it was so serious as to confine him
to a supposed in Mary's absence, he was able to take
your place in the family - I cannot tell you how much
I pity her - both her peculiar sensibility & delicacy of
feelings, her present situation must be dreadful. The
lack of a wonderful mind - I knew not how awful so much
bodyly a mental suffering, she can continue the task of
instruction; I admire, but I do not think I should ever
be able to imitate her return her love & kindness
would that I supposed some more effectual remedy to
comfort or cheer your poor suffering Tanny. Have you no
hope from the general & relieving effects of Spring, that
lamentably will be removed? I was so pleased last autumn
when enjoying my shutters, to think that you too were
able to take your daily rounds & regale yourself with
the various colours & scents of your flowers; that Sarah
must miss with less pleasure this season, for the want
of this associated idea.
To Maria it is a pleasing idea that she is
in the projected arrangement, living herself permanently
that she will not perhaps for years wander from
her home. But to me it is a melancholy one, so
I looked forward to annual visits from her as one
of my chiefest pleasures, & the deprivation of this
hope make me feel as it were, more as now
a stranger here, as the first year I came - It seems
strange that to a heart so easily attached as mine,
that during all the time of my abode here, it has
not found one whom it could unite with
