not sympathy. We know you suffer a most crushing
amount of grief from the sacrifice you have made
to the idea, & the effecting of ladies enthusiastic
had with Maria has by awakening her sentiment affected
you, has aggravated those feelings which beset
you. Your interview might have prevented that intense
sympathy which she now feels, & which
when I suppose you will give no pain to ourselves
by speaking of Tanny with the same fondness &
travelling you spoke to me; we both feel for
your poor friend, & I speak of her always with
kindness & tenderness. We take a lively interest in her
establishment & feel real concern for her health.
In my beloved sister let me not long that
sweet confidence, which has drawn me to you so
often of late by the warm attraction of sympathy.
Do not define me of the sad pleasure of mending
my tears with yours. In the retirement of my own room
above notice your letter, I have felt as if I were by
your side & when in the silence of night my bed
have well given shelter your image has been so present
with me that I could almost think it was on your
room they felt. Providence is kind even in its most afflictive
which is evinced by the objects of our care & kindness which
soften the heart awaking in our friends a tender
interest. I know for the moment loving kindness & the mutual
ties we are in the bonds of friendship, of its support
remains. I feel this sensibly at present the sorrow
with which both my dear sisters are affected even to
hear me closer to them. Greece at times is much distressed
not in her own government but from the idea that even
entering into her affairs would be an affront to you.
That you are unhappy & that she in any way has made
you so, is to her a most distressing idea -- but at once
this remark contained the essence of your feelings, you
as I said before this sympathy comes in rebutting
to the human heart, & the seeds in occupation for
a cure for negligence, necessity deprivation of family & is never
alone or unemployed. She has remarked her cause of
the difficulty, where I found it impossible to attend to
& while she is proving them lessons in the morning I
sit up stairs with the two infants & carry & am
buried in nursery, sewing & house keeping. After dinner
visit in the Garden where when the children will
let her, she reads to me the Boston journal & the collection
of various literary articles she made, while there
after a long conversation on the subject of relative women
we seldom ever meet to part circumstances, endeavors
us to forget all, which may tend to influence
the heart or judgment.
Beyond has awakened & feels to console
to me, I must shorten the letter -- do my relations
only unite with me in the same way you
have better to do? I shall most certainly & probably
feel any sentiment you may inspire on grounds that
our friends could sometimes need our hearty
assistance without the intervention of language -- how is math --
forced upon me to hear that his health is so precarious, may
a kind Providence continue with you & him to peace of
mind & health of body. I am dear sister I am sure it
would be delightful to you to know tenets your dear
god -- may they repay all your cares to by their increased
off & considerable application compensate for at least a part
for the loss you have sustained in Tanny & Maria --
how in many ways let me know if your hopes of
drawing her nearer to you are realized? dear dear sister
inter alia -- I am a sincere friend -- God make you a happy
as from the very bottom of my heart I wish you
success.
