in order so to do, I must obey the
spirit in what he farther acknowledges
not to think of himself more highly
than he ought to think.
Until we are sensible of our own
faults, how shall we obtain a correct
view of them? Is it not because I have thought
more highly of myself than I ought to think
that I have not more correctly formed
an opinion about the present or different state of
everything after the spirit in the animal
mind is entirely to God? a noble if
too common one may, how can I offer
up my self to God? Is this carnal
mind in this conformity to the world. The
law of its power is the law of its distinction.
It knows no principles, no
object, no motive, nothing that humbles, which
brings on a part estimation of numbers.
But what is it to walk after the Spirit,
what are the principles of a renewed mind?
what does the Apostle say.
"To love without discrimination
is other that which is evil, to belong to
the world is good."
Is the human affection one to another
with nothing but love in it, or is it
only selfish in business, personal in
spirit, serving the Lord, denying all
hope, patient in tribulation, content in
prayer, industrious in the necessity of
saints, quiet in hardship, to bless those
whom presents you to Christ, and
to anyone with whom that anyone
and meet with him that meet.
For of the same mind, one to another,
mind not high things, I consented to men
of low estate. Do you not agree in your
own conscience? It is impossible to me
and for me that it be possible, as much
as both in you, love honestly with
all men, arrange not yourselves
but rather give your love under another
of those enemy danger for him -- He
thirsts give him drink -- Be not
overcome of evil -- but overcome with
goodness.
So how far do I come short of
proof of a renewed mind, between
God and man, my heart is like fire
to every thing in comparison to these
respective -- You must enter in
consideration with some human
arts above in this. It is because none
of these duties are in accordance with
my natural disposition, I often refuse
to do it -- The latter, should I
should I should I should I should
should I should I should I should
should I should I should I should
