when shall I be reunited to thee?
Gracious God, make me perfectly
submit to thy will -- may I feel
that even thy chastisements to be mercies,
may they soften my hard insensible heart,
may my thoughts & affections be purged
from all the sordidness, a dross of
earthly desires & rise to thee in spirit
& in truth.
18. What days of anxiety & nightly
of sleepless watch did I spend during
the months last year? Or rather its
latter part -- for not until then did her
sufferings commence or my hopes of
a prolongation of her life, vanish. There
when I saw her so free from pain
& cheerful, nothing by me with her
with such a smiling face & such an
payment for her daily blepsings -- How could
I realize that the disease was so
advanced -- I thought it in
stage 2 that many months, perhaps
a year might pass before it
advanced at its last stage
and now, when I look back on
the event, I can foresee the heavy
burden of my heavenly father, in
this shortness the period of trial,
for it could not be expected that
the severity a cheerfulness of her
mind, could have rested her
undermining effects of the slow decay
of nature, they must have yielded
had they been prolonged -- and how
long a bitter would it have been!
But as it was -- the lamp burnt
out -- and I thought by until the last agony
struggles -- On my beloved may my
latter and be let me alone -- resigned
to the will of God -- leaving a beloved
by all around. Thee -- free from
acute bodily pain, & a mind clear &
undisturbed by the heaviness, or the delusion
of disease. Often a silent, as I have
watched Thy wasting strength, have
I prayed that, thus gently pass from
life. And when that moment comes
to me, will Thy spirit be near --
will it welcome me to the world
of spirits? Shall me recognize each
other -- with affection be perpetuated?
It is mystery all -- our ignorance
of all beyond this life, can be enlightening
only by actual experience -- It is an
unknown country, from where become no
one has ever returned & of which one
can know nothing until one reaches
it shores. Mean while the part of wisdom
is to prepare for a removal which though
we know not how soon, yet we are
apprised about be far distant -- What
then is the preparation I should make,
for my father & my God,
