NATURAL ASPHALTUM.
The ASPHALT ROCK is a Bituminous Limestone, found only in the mines of Seysel and Val Du
Travers, and is pulverized by subjecting it to the action of heat. By mixing with it ten per cent. of Min-
eral Tar, it forms a Cement of great adhesion and durability, and is completely impervious to air and water.
It was first adopted by the War Department in France, and is now universally used in Europe for the
following purposes.
First, In building FORTIFICATIONS—to preserve Casements which are covered with earth, to prevent
dampness from penetrating the walls, and to keep the basement rooms dry.
Second. To keep Powder Magazines, and Arsenal walls and floors dry.
Third. For RAIL ROADS—the wood used for the support of the iron rail, if covered with a thin coat of
this Asphaltum, will be preserved from decay.
Fourth. In constructing new buildings by the river side, and docks, where the ground is liable to inunda-
tion from spring tides or any pressure of water, the cellars can be made water tight by a brick floor laid in
Asphaltum. Old cellars can also be made water tight in this way.
Fifth. It can be used to great advantage in warm climates upon ICE HOUSES, and renders them air tight.
Sixth. For foundations in general—a layer or two around the building will preserve the masonry as well as
good work.
Seventh. For CISTERNs and TANKS—a coating of this Cement will preserve the water clear and good.
Eighth. For TERRACES and ROOFS—also for Garden and Side-walks, and Street Pavements, Canals,
Bridges, Piers, Wharfs, Baths, Aqueducts, Sewers, Market and Slaughter Houses, and in all cases where it
is desirable to preserve Wood Work and Masonry, and keep out vermin.
Ninth. To fix Iron Clamers in rocks, instead of with lead, to bind masonry work with wood or rock, cast-
ing ornaments of all descriptions, and for enclosing Iron, Copper, Lead, and other metallic pipes, to prevent
corrosion and decay.
The Subscriber has spent considerable time and money to introduce the Asphalt Rock into this Country,
and is now prepared to execute orders to any extent, furnishing the material and superintending the work
himself. It has been used upon the principal fortifications in this country, and Public Buildings at
Washington. And the Subscriber refers to the following Engineers who have seen the application of this
Cement, and who are satisfied that it is superior to any other known material for the above purposes.
ROBERT MILLS,
-
Architect of public buildings, Washington City.
Colonel S. THAYER,
-
Engineer Corps, Boston.
Major J. L. SMITH,
-
" New-York.
Captain G. W. CULLUM,
-
" New-London.
Captain F. A. SMITH,
-
- Washington.
All orders addressed to the Subscriber will be promptly attended to.
JOHN LOWITZ, 2 Wall-street,
NEW-YORK.
99590
