since William the conqueror, also the crown which the
king wears in Parliament the value of which is estimated
at 1000,000 of pounds sterling or 4000,000 of dollars; and
also the golden sceptres, of king, and queen, the gold eagle
which holds the consecrated oil and the spoon of gold into
which the oil is poured at the coronation, &c. &c. the whole
making a very splendid show; I saw also the horse arm=
ourry, the kings of England with each his suit of armour
upon him, and a great quantity of armour used in an=
cient times; also the axe which beheaded the Earl of
Esex and Anne Bullen; the pikes, lances, shields, &c. taken
from the Spaniards at the great naval defeat of their
invincible armada; and many other curiosities, too
numerous to mention.
I gave you a hint in letter No. 12 and a particular
account in No. 13 of the horrid murders committed in
this city, it has been pretty well ascertained from a variety
of evidence, that all of them have been committed by one
man who was apprehended, and put an end to his life
in prison; very horrid attempts at robbery and murder
have been very frequent of late in all parts of the city;
and even so near me as within two doors of me in the
same street; but do not be alarmed; you have nothing
to fear on my account Leslie and myself sleep in the
same room, and sleep armed with a pair of pistols and
a sword; and alarms at our door and windows; so we
are safe on that score; within a week or two past, however
these alarms are less frequent, and the police is strength=
ened and more vigilant, so that you must consider
the danger as over.— The Prince Regent will have
his restrictions removed before this reaches you, on the
18 of this month, when we expect there will be an alter=
ation in favor of America.— In my next I shall give
you some account of politics here and as it respects America
the federalists are certainly wrong in very many things.— Be assured
again that I am in good health and spirits and more than ever enthusiastic
about France's book's &c.
I have yours affectionately Samt. H. T. Mosel.
