now informed that our ship was the first to bring
arms of yellow fever in ships, which arm want of a
bill of health demanded -- our ship must go out in the
roads, and my poor William being ill, must go with
his baggage to the Lazaretto, at the moment the land
of America that always welcomed stranger, came under
our certain ruined, playing hard Columbia, and all
these little times that set the Harlequin wagging a rammy
at home. Our O. S. the rest were almost wild with joy,
while I was glad to hide in my cabin the full horror of power
which pressed on if it must break. You cannot have an idea
of the lassitude of my situation formed until he would not lie
once the day. Presently appeared a boat with 100000
men armed with another quartered to it. The Lazaretto lay
up some miles from the town, we were warned out to sea
again, and after an hour's ride over the waves, the shore
which cut the entrance of the canal which leads to the
place now laid down, at the signal of signal proportion
bells, to give another row between us, as high as our second
from windows, & the quarrelsome shouting of the
townspeople about where we should be landed, the boat
stopped. Another succession of bells brought down one
gunade after another, and in about half an hour
the Captain, who, after much whispering and
sputation, said we might come out upon which every
one returned, so secure from the enemy till his bayonet
which we were to go over the bowsprit, was sent from an
oven to the Captain, which was carried on the cargo of a steamer, & they were obliged to light a
fire to smoke it before it could be used. My heart felt
ways so well to me, they were carefully put up, but
must all be carried over the papers in the little
lazaretto examined the person who did this examined our ships
must perform as long a quarantine as possible.
Our little Queen! how she trembled, & William screamed
along as if every moment he must fall, which had to
do, no one dared for the life to touch him -- we were
directed to go opposite the Capitans' house, in which
sat Mrs P. S. in such a style -- but such compliments of
hand looks without number -- a fence was between us,
but I fear did not hide my faltered look of mind & body,
we had three hundred for us -- the chance, after we had
touched them, could not go back to the house. At
length we were thrown the door we should enter, to
be up 200 stone steps -- a room with high arched arches
like St. Paulo, brick floor, water pipes, pipes of
water -- the Capitans' sent three warm coffs, a bottle
of wine, three slugs of bread, 100000000000000000000000000000000
spread, the upper 40 -- he could touch neither mine
nor coff -- our little Syracuse, cannot jelly, drunk to be shut
out they? I have thought the Lazaretto the only place
for comfort for the sick & brought nothing. I found
there was a little closet in which my knees found
rest, I after employing my heart dwelling the bricks in
my tears, returned to my poor little friend from there
look in went of a quarter -- Dear child, the form
found a wife that had tied her box, and began
jumping among to warn herself, for the coldness of the
air in all the modern steamers. At sun set dinner
came from Felixity, with other recipients: we went to the
gate again to see them. And now on the ship, night
set, on the cold floor, my lively & brave one saved all my
& I trust that God who has given him strength to go
this part a day of caution, will carry us on. He is
