and made me all humble, however situated. I was willing to
feel it painfully, if it seemed from the effect of misery
and pain in affliction on a heavenly home -- my father's
home in the heavens. I felt myself as a stranger from about
the value that mortal man -- but I stayed to be expressed
into Christ. I seemed ready to lay up a new experience
beautifully praised that it might be compared to God that
the author of government principles of my life should be "labor
fully, to come among, & walk with humanity in my God."
Then thoughts in turn the sweetest peace tranquility
into my soul. Irote early I went into the garden. The
sun yet gone. When I walked alone, I thought of "doing
that ambient agreeable well" when I looked around upon
fruit trees of my father's planting -- I said to myself he
will do more real of them for present fruit -- but will
now gather them from embraces of trees in the hands of
gods. I was at home with the family in the main room the
morning. After breakfast I came down dressed in all
my clothes. told them what I had had for supper from
follows on the disposition of our father's estate & of the
callable equitable of the new disposition discussed they were
all agreeable, some gall & one mind, with perfect charity
they afterwards had a full conversation with -- our
friend came at sisters -- I went to & talked in the front
room -- we had a meeting together, about rules
as feel the change I left. I went part of the morning in my
room alone reading -- I read the account of the death of
the father -- that of my dear father preserved it -- by exhibiting
the same temper & his using the same Canapagos. Mrs
Betsy sat part of the morning with me & employed lettering
over the part with her. In the evening our Mr. President
Mr. K Spite with them they left us before supper.
when we were seated at this meal I was much affected --
It was the first time we had been there together since
our father departed. My two Mrs. then arrived, became
themselves when I looked up at the picture, it seemed to
be believing us with confections -- & of the happy spirit
at animated it I rejoiced in his vindication with appropriate
orders. It reminded me of the gracious appearance in
the midst of his disciples, when the demons fled --
when he said "Peace be with you" and desired as if
when our earthly parent had been taken from us. The
confederate had been sent to us the spirit of peace.
after supper my Mr. said "when they had satisfied King
James a hymn -- Let us desplay. I am joined in the following hymn:
My God, my nation & my love
My renderings all
Are none but these in heaven alone
Be on this earthly ball
What employ things are all the skies
& on this empire clad,
There's nothing here remains my joy,
There's nothing like my God.
To save the Baptist, the burghers from
deaths his first step light
Is they haven't been in my room,
If their multitude, & the night
And what let upon my restless bed,
Amongst the Sanders Spott
Is my Redeemer seems his head
This morning with my soul.
