I find that many of my error in judgement arise from
the label which is so common among all classes of
reasoners, moralists, philosophers & divines, of attributing
a moral power by a physical analogy; thus when we
compare life to a voyage on a tempestuous ocean, we
make use of the threatening waves, the roaring winds,
the rocks, thunder, lightning due to which all voyagers
are subject, is figured, which totally refuses the most
accident to human life -- what can be more fatal
to who commits himself to the elements, has no control
over them; he cannot keep the words, steal peace
to the troubled waves, or turn against the thunderbolts
of heaven! -- But what of the evils incidental to life,
can we not avert by prudence, by wisdom, by temperance
by virtue? Perhaps, is that which cannot most of us
can control, but even that, in most cases, might
be prevented by care & temperance. The ill of life,
in general, if our own procuring, & there are few who
if they impartially examine their own hearts, who will
not acknowledge that its sorrow, its pains depend
much less on external circumstances, over which we
have little or no control, than on our affections, passions
& temper. From my own experience & from my observation
on others, I am persuaded that there is no way, & that
there is no situation, which can make us miserable
& make us unhappy, independent of ourselves. Justice, regulation & government of our affections, passions &
temper, consists human felicity.
If we are unhappy, let us not blame our destiny, & boldly set down
to suffer; let us rather turn our eyes inward, & instead of complaining
of circumstances which we cannot change, or excuse ourselves
by asserting we will discover, that by moving the mind to activity,
by calming the restless of our passions, by self-interest and temperance,
we may prevent that catastrophe which our ignorance, want of
prudence, or negligence have already brought upon us. I have
been in a situation which had on other men the prospect, they
might have decided to have been miserable -- but I have been
happy. If any thing is any person's pleasure, it is to forget the
cause of happiness, & to enjoy something, & if I could
not enjoy happiness, I would not be happy. If I could
not enjoy happiness, I would not be happy. If I could
not enjoy something, I would not be happy. If I could
not enjoy something, I would not be happy. If I could</Page
