given her pieces of candy, which I observed her now
to piece together, I was most pleased with her
altruism to learn. She takes much delight in learning
that it is a real pleasure for me to teach her.
The rest of the evening passed while Mrs Smith
read from Plutarch's lives to me.
The day was dark & cloudy & had a few little
showers, which however did not penetrate the
ground half an inch.
Monday
24
It rained, after but in the afternoon had a shower & continued cloudy.
Smith came out from his garden & read the Times
after dinner, played with Julia & went at twilight
& sewed all the evening while the Smiths went upstairs
to bed. I think he had one of the evening
reading.
Friday
25
After breakfast I collected the children's
clothes to morning brought down a great many
baby clothing for the children, seated them by me
at a table, where we sat about an agreeable morning. Our little ones
have delighted every one to dress & undress their
babies. After dinner Mrs Smith went to the City,
I felt a little troublesome, but required the afternoon
to render her home at dusk put Susan to bed
but let Julia sit up with me for an hour after
tea. Smith said a long sermon, I seemed to think
to her while she watched at my side. Julia always goes
to bed about 8 in the dark. I am trying to shut
her in the room of a morning until I rise as I
feel her learning bad habits or receiving improper
ideas from the servants, if she is with them before
twice.
The day still continued but no rain.
Smith came out to dinner & brought with him
a receipt of shunts. The way day passes in stronger
& more tender affection for me, which my heart fully
rejoices in. If he were my own son I could not feel more anxiety for his welfare, nor have I a friend in whom I feel more confidence.
This baby, do I feel when in our most confidential discourse, when his whole heart is
open to me, I have confidence in him, innocence & purity of thought, such a love of country, such determination to breed it both in to show them of
pride & patriotism that generous & noble disposition
which reveals at the idea of sacrifice & injustice.
On my dear James, whom I think of
you have, a few years ago, which you now
are, how thankful should we be to that our
Creator, who has thus put upon, created for mankind
the beautiful future fortune from contemplations, brought
down for any trial or many circumstances.
