before, has God restored me all my strength? Can the
little soul I have so long contemplated as angel in Heaven
that I have seen and they are faithful, while God
himself replies I am the father of the faithful, I am the
helpless my God! well may I cling to thee, for "above have
I an Heaven with thee within upon earth beside thee
my feet I may heart fail, but thine at the strength
of my heart my portion forever." My family letter came
that out to meet me -- the tea had been journeying
fast to her heavenly home I then spent now feared only
to await the coming love tenderly of her beloved
sister, to accompany it in its passage to eternity, to meet
her who had been the dear companion of all the
hours I all her conforts, of trust of prayer & riches of
fortune -- the tender, faithful, dear friend of my soul,
this every varied from many years of trial -- sore --
only the shadow remaining that in a few days must
hapen away. The house of plenty & comfort, the family
of fifteen, united by prayers & divine affection -- the
various figures -- the daily lectures -- the hidden riches
all, all gone forever! And is fortune & fortune the only
exchange. My husband -- my sister -- my home -- my comforts
Poverty & sorrow! well, with God the proof, you
too shall be changed into decent friends -- to the end
you have your beloved parents, but this them you
discover to my soul the fallacy of today, the triumph
of faith, & the sweet footsteps of my Redeemer, leading
direct to his kingdom. Holy, holy, holy Lord God of hosts,
heaven beneath is full of thy glory.
Sunday morning, There is my Rebecca's birth day in
heaven, no more waiting now, my dear sister -- no more
affraying suffering -- the family prayer is interrupted by
hopes & tears but now exchanged for the eternal blessed
joy of the blessed angels, who have so often visited
us in gentle offices, now teach you some of the hope
of heaven -- we shall no more watch the setting sun, the light
of day, to the sun of righteousness -- in the heavens
at your to his ever lasting light -- no more see trains
gazing on the moon for your home awakened to eternal day -- that dear voice that comforted the broken
heart, inquired the love of God for you -- this speaks
of love of Jesus to all -- shall you be heard in more
anguish, but the reward of those who leave this
world to the brightness of the sun's face? The dawn of
day was unusually clear, for the clouds covered
the brightness of the rising sun, Rebecca's soul seemed
to be aroused from the sleep of approaching
death, which had gradually composed it during the
night & painting it to a flower of doubt & repentance
now, she said with a cheerful smile, "I am safe
of a few years of life, I am so delightful, what must
that be in the presence of our God?" while the
sun arose, we said our usual prayers, the "Se
deens, the 51st Psalm of part of the continued service -- with angels, with arch angels, -- all the company of heaven, we praise thee," she said, "this is the dear day of rest -- suppose, sister, this should be
