1841 I have not finished reading Mr Hamilton's work. The general
sentiment of which is in beneficial that I would recommend to
every one, not confining it to those engaged in the education of children, but to those who aim at improving
themselves, - the view of the different powers of the human mind as the necessity of cultivating it in order to attain excellence in any, I feel in the full force of bad taste or
education; - as for as memory can retain, I am left to myself to from the earliest period of infancy, the power of imagination was most called forth. In education conducted by no blame but left to chance, never restricted the indulgence of this dangerous faculty of which it was somewhat subdued by the realities of life. If it was particularly leading me into error, - In how many papers of this work have I met with my own fault? I have strongly doubt made me feel my own deficiencies! But they are still defects to be now remedied how are they to be cured? Few men aim to acquire that accuracy of perception, that degree of attention, that cleanliness of conception on which sound judgment & have taste depend? Has after a life so miserable & self-devastated, I shall have been accustomed to act from compulsion, to indulge every inclination but force. The only children from me only can I learn these things difficult as they are, I will acquire them, the effort at least shall not be anything! I have already tried to benefit from the books the book has offered to me, and continually trying to cultivate in my little mind, the power of perception & attention - this is easily done in country affords no many objects of perception, this I have to do in to make use of my little attention to right over on the search for flowers & insects in the woods. Whenever they bring me either, I must excite their curiosity to them indulge it by a minute examination - How many feet, wings, do they have? How many leaves does this flower, where does it grow, what is it good for, is it good to eat, or good for not people do not ask questions I both not a answer. When we walk, scarcely a blade of grass caress them, they search for itself, for fruit, for little garden walks, flowers to plant &c. Then I exercise their perception & attention. I could regularly every morning make notes in my common place book of the usual convenience of the preceding day; but generally forget it, I asked myself in many to what my book every morning in asked sake a for a week she has not in yet once for I suppose the feeling of a better when we have in yet she has not forgotten her little pocketbook. By some means I shall try to lay the foundation of attention & regularity. I regret I have never regularly set about teaching her reading or attempting to correct her ignorance but I am now determined to do it a daily to provide a lesson in both.
May 13. I hope I have not the necessity even of my little volatile furnace I fully intended to give her a daily lesson in reading but every pleased a little more and pains in furnishing certain lessons which the furnace has not been able to furnish. I have often stood half an hour reheating her from word to word, it was not until after more than another hundred lessons that she pronounced for for a daily two lessons which she has the read more articles. - Her perseverance engrossed entirely to me her attention, but even now I have allowed domestic matters to take up a large part of her time. I have been very negligent in the improvement of her book. The little she has always labored with me has been better. - If my intention have failed to please is mine, for mine were have every minute possible to manageable. I have I do not know how many times I have allowed the children improve upon me in their books. I have been very negligent in the improvement of her book. The little she has always labored with me has been better. - If my intention have been to please is mine, for mine were have every minute possible to manageable. I have I do not know how many times I have allowed the children improve on me in their books. I have been very negligent in the improvement of her book. The little she has always labored with me has been better.
1842 I have not the necessity even of my little volatile furnace I fully intended to give her a daily lesson in reading but every pleased a little more and pains in providing certain lessons which the furnace has not been able to provide. I have often stood half an hour reheating her from word to word, it was not until after more than another hundred lessons that she pronounced for for two daily lessons which she has the read more articles. - Her perseverance engrossed entirely to me her attention, but even now I have allowed domestic matters to take her up a large part of her time. I have been very negligent in the improvement of her book. The little she has always labored with me has been
1843 I have not the necessity even of my little volatile furnace I fully intended to give her a daily lesson in reading but every pleased a little more and pains in
1844 I have not the necessity even of my little volatile furnace I fully intended to give her a daily lesson in reading but every pleased a little more and pains in
<Line
