what delightful smiles have we had through
the woods which for many miles surrounded us, day
after day did we wander miles, exploring scenes
as wild as it many hundred miles distant from
city. Reading, music & sleep disposed our
senses at home. -- By mind was every thing in
blazing improvements & the idea of my children
was associated with every thing which we planted
beneath that tree they will play -- when the fruit
trees are planted, shall yield their fruit, they shall
gather it, -- when that walk is laid out, there shall
they run -- on those benches shall they sit --
This mere future dates myself into present
years. -- He who but can live in the country
would bring himself in a city.
Would you to Nature have obedience from God,
Would you give a home for health & pleasure build
where is there such a situation found?
As where the country spreads its telephographic
wire, where the sun ascending from the year
above breaks a curtain of twilight to shelve
The doggedness fury of the keen savage
Where do the empires causes disturb the break?
Then fly from grandeur & the haughty quiet
The village offers a secure retreat
Where you may make that heart feel that your
Isings & favorites of life unknown!
Frederick Henkle
The whole of this day the weather has been temperature, early in the
morning it rain, towards noon it turned to hail & in few hours
October 26 afterwards to snow: The snow falls for fine or one hour & entirely
covered the whole face of the country; it remains in this form
for an hour & then the snow lays on the ground which soon next day
should never known such cold & stormy weather as this season has
been this year. The trees are stripped of their leaves & all
nature already wears the appearance of winter. I enjoyed this stormy
day, the roaring of the winds among the trees, the falling of the
rain a hail against the windows, to me were pleasing & exciting
sounds. I referred to day this sensation of tender melancholy, this
wandering of fancy, these pleasing reveries which I find to feel
in the early period of life; that found when the heart is so
sensible to every impression of pain or pleasure, that found when
the imagination is huddled by the warmth of the heart, found
when the union of sensibility & fancy, produces that debauchery
of enthusiasm, which elevates the mind and kindles it often
merely the reason which imparts a charm to life, that in frequently
declined by experience & reason, & residence in the country tends
to preserve & increase this sweet glow of the soul, to day while
I stood at my window listening to the winds, watching the
snow falling I heard the delighted forest speak with truth say with
the poet
The nature all thy charms & forms
Your feeling person hearts, have charms
That the summer warm with light & heat
& winter hails the long dark night
In quiet homes
This violent storm found no impediment to the weekly visit
of my dear husband, he walked out this morning rain,
& most splendid surprised as as we were sitting down to tea
