the family breakfasted in the next room. Each came one
after the another, inquiring with the tenderest solicitude of my situation.ounded the loss of nature for
four slender legs strong. Each of my dear brothers came
successively to my bed side, & gave me the most soothing
testimonies of their affection. Each appeared like a father
cast from heaven with the true tenderness
These banyers were all my homes -- each had a claim
to claim upon me, and when this was not urged, equal
affection was displayed by leaving it entirely to my own
opinion to determine what manner most conduce to my
happiness. So much was I affected by their kindness
that it appeared as if I could never make a selection
lest it seemed appear like a preference. It did more
in particularity affected me -- there was an unusual tenderness in it. It spent most of the morning alone with
me. The read a sermon of Calvin's together -- "Life is journey" the Gospel scarcely of our fathers. He thought he had
never done enough for them -- he was sufficiently attentive. We all felt this sentiment deeply. notwithstanding
all the kindness I had experienced, in this moment of
unearthly my heart sunk within me at the idea of
the solitary situation in which I was left. During my
fathers life, when I had looked forward to this position, I imagined that I was more at home in every
brother the father's house than in his. But now it seemed
different. I went round in imagination to each of
their houses -- but could find no room where I could
feel at home. I was every where a stranger. My
heart clung to my own little chamber, but seemed the
only little spot on earth that I could call home.
could not extend the feeling to any other part of the
house -- it now all appeared strange indeed. And from the
only spot, said I to myself, I shall soon be entitled -- I
shall part in cold drops. My heart suffered from it to
repare consolations. But the father of spirits, who is
universally acquainted with all our feet, was preparing
many relics for me. It was necessary to be brought to
this to know its value. In the afternoon my dear sister
came again, from Boston soon after. From affliction thence
our hearts together -- the converse of our first circumstances
composited delight. We today received
a very fine letter addressed to my father from Mr.
Sevent -- in the near prospect of death. It seemed
as if meant to meet him between both worlds.
He had likewise a fine parting letter from Nicholas, like
wife to paper. Mr Patterson's natural best wishes
friends were with us in the evening. I continued this
mingling to so well Mr. Stee the look at the remains.
I felt perfect composition. Indeed I could not realize
that it was the day of my father. The part seemed
like a dream. I endeavored to consider it as the
moment when his spirit had passed. I looked at
the features of his eyes on each side of him. Their representations seemed to be those looking with complacency upon him, watching his decay, while I discovered their
happy spirits had returned him to the abodes of blessedness.
When the time is neither major nor junior in marriage
we may hope our affections will be perpetuated. It is
fixed -- not changed. I slept this night on the peculiar
favorite as early to the same sacred reflections. From
