converse with your mother, here you shall find a time
history of my life, of transmittal of my heart. Then the pure
plant memories may retain no insufficiency, these lines may
make known to you your mother. – How sweet and worthy
in this idea, how pleasing to myself, that the sentiments from
so many states have some influence over your happiness, & that
no incidents in my example may still be yours, all the death
may deprive you of my cries. – It may this idea be ever
present to my mind, it will strengthen them in me under every trial, it
will console me under every misfortune. In my daughters, you
shall be the confident, of every strength of every feeling, in every
circumstance, in which I know your situation; they will remember
of her errors, guard you against the likes, may the example
of her virtues, lead you to mistake her. Such love for you,
hence forth every action of my life shall be sincere to your good
or bad, right or wrong – what a story, what an inevitable
inducement with this sentiment pure, always to adhere to
the right, & to avoid the wrong.
In reviewing the last year, gratitude to the defender
of all things, in the predominant sentiment in my heart
& a regret that my time has not been better informed.
At the moment when we refer to the business of any duty,
many able circumstances may lead us to neglect it, much
of official violence, indecision, incapacity, an interminable chain of
many such traffickers, there are even forgotten & when we
take a retrospective view of our conduct, we see in all
its face the error we have committed a regret, many
regret a neglected duty. In October, we left Chicago
after passing two months there a settled existence again in
the City – I brought back with me at least 20 volumes
which I had been my intention to send, but – not one of them
had been sent. – Their return is to be by a excuse ourselves but
reason as I may be, I can find none that will now satisfy
me for strong aside these instructions wishes & reading in
their stead there is more amusement. During the whole of
my residence at Springfield my mind was strongly divided
I could apply to nothing but effect, & at the end of the
time I had become I had not the power to contemplate
an inevitable & unavoidable melancholy the reflection
of me: whether it was the lonely solitude of the country,
the fatal solitude in which I lived, or the silent separation
of my beloved, I have not, but never before
since have I experienced such entire desolation of spirits.
When I came back to the city I turned myself in amongst
the houses & frequently frequented. At this time the
hope of being again a mother, gladdened my heart, but
it was the occasion during the three successive months,
of such extreme solitude, that I could not hold up my hand
half the time, but lay on the sofa reading novels, where
some well expressed to read. James Maynard, carried & being
late under my immediate care, I found myself to pay these
attentions which were necessary. It was my intention to
express myself, to do all I could to correct these faults
& which he had been little seen in New York. Though
the day he was busy in the office, but of an evening I
read with him & generally in French. The opening of
the session of Congress entailed the city I entailed into
society, but with little interest. In part of December
Susan Smith arrived, I then saw more company &
went more into society, that is more & to some crowded
with persons whom I neither knew & must say, how many business
engagements have I passed in what is called pay company. but I
