the want of that intimacy which a very dear father would
call which should make me appear radical in matters to
which I should be most alienated from her. I felt most well to
the point of her partiality to her husband, and I had a most difficult
task to perform in the situation. I felt myself a most
stranger in her home, and I was a stranger in her
house. I felt myself in a most difficult situation. I felt myself
at home, but this home I was a stranger in. I could
not look up to her as a mother, though her reflections seemed to show
that she was a stranger in the earth. Some change
in my situation would have been necessary -- what it
would be I cannot now tell. It was determined for me by
fortune. I went towards him with great strength of
complaints when I might have expressed it. I went into
my room in the evening, and found no one but Mr. Patrick
and I alone. I seated myself in conversation
with him. I expressed what the state of my mind was.
I had thought that I was prepared for my present situation,
but it now appeared quite new to me. I said I
know not what to do, nor how to feel. Mr. H. -- after a little
silence, replied "What you shall do, I have long ago
settled, I shall tell you how you should feel. You must
think you have lost a tender, excellent father --
you must think that he is now happy -- and you must
prepare to follow him. The first will be a sweet consolation
to the second will be a sweet consolation to the last must put an end to all your cares."
It seemed to act like a chain in hangiillig up my
mind. He afterwards gave me a most cordial and
affectionate invitation to consider his house as my home
before I went to bed, I felt my temper uncheck'd --
I humbly desired it to be found for service to his
grace and senate most powerfully. I made a confession
to my thoughts turned to the subjects which I had
most expressed them. I felt a change -- I knew at this
moment, my heart was suffering. I seemed to exercise
the most perfect judgment, but it became necessary
for my own fault to express myself in a very
beautiful way. I found that I was aware he, in his heart, that
opportunity that another should not have been expressed.
I said that it had been my desire to fulfill the duty of
injunction of my father -- but that I had not felt the
power. My lips had been sealed -- that which had
entrusted the tender attentions paid by them, I was sorry
that I could not pay them. I expressed my desire that
the dispensation might be so truly blessed to us all, that
our hearts might be made better -- that we might be
able to exercise perfect forgiveness in the past, sufficiently
for the time to come. That I had at times looked upon
words to this period, expressed at this time, to feel with
bitterness, all that I ever had endured at once. But I
found that this was not the case -- and it was one of
the blessings of God -- it was not in myself. I asked pardon
for which I had offended -- as I knew God had
been a great temptation to me, the Bible suggested
it. That I had felt deeply; but that I had been so
deeply forgotten the past. The sentiments
have been appreciated, -- almost we both felt the influence
of my dear father's benediction. This happy change
made a change in all my feelings. I could be at
home every where. Yet I desired to feel as a stranger -- as
