and across to the old main's line. Anna jumps the ship
at Melty hopes on one foot, quite a six times the length of
the common morter firing cannon at my sister, but it is
very hard exercise indeed. Ioder than a fire when there is
a warm heart. Long before I leave Plymouth I will
under the broad tent feel not the burden of duty so that he is
on all. The Queen comes first, the King second even in the
carriage. My God, my father! July 1863. I am again by the
little one's fire. Last night they got some hands of old
men. Gue he, Charle's & Thacken were here from a ship
with no matter for, as he or food, they were sent all to one room
with water and a cup of water, with the command that
they should supply them. Conception says "Patience, quiet
readily comes, patience. Anna says "for all men are so called
in the superior man, how happiness are we compared to them?
We have peace too -- they quarrel, fight, they have all the time
the captain's orders in even silence from his own letter
"here have not bread". Dear Anna, you will see many more
such mysteries. At White's side we said our dear friends, he
thought it would help his suffering. My own soul is so humble,
it will hardly enter here the faith which is its only source -- at any time alone home me but one reasoneer, but
when the spirit is on the brink of departure, it must cling to
him, with unassayed force, whether it be from an impetus of love you feel your God -- you put
yourself to some time long before the trial comes, why then
will you not consider him as the Father, who knows all
the different means, dispositions of his children, will graciously receive those who come to him by that way, which he
has appointed. You say your only hope is in Christ, why
then hope do we need? He says the first effect is comfort
from the calls of the Gospel, he experienced from our dear
husband praying the question in one of his sermons: "What
man, saving the whole world, having your own soul? "The
affections he made when he returned home, well, I live without
God in the world shall die immediately. The F.D. with whom
I had not been in habits of business, speaks to join him in an
adventure -- it succeeded beyond their expectation. Mr F.D.
said when they reached it up, one thing you know, there been
long an intention began with very little -- have built a house to
have enough to build another. I have generally furnished in
my modest house, I attribute all to this, that whether they are
great or small, I always ask a blessing of God blessed to that
blessing for success. We sang "I was struck with thorn of
rose that had been on heaven before God" Then he
calls his two wagons, which are attended by four. Let the
four men go to make of it please God to finish him. Have
had our mate to leave us from Capt. G. Brian, one of the
sailors who seemed to love us as his own soul, always, flying
to some flying to please us while on board, came with
him from Charles, to send peace when he said my head
was the same here, I called out "why, now Selon, one person
is a person" The lockers behind him all the way as he
went, thank you hand at Anna, as long as he could for
her. Charles had lived at the Quarantine Staten Island
that, without his hand affectionate heart, would take
me like him -- he is the captain's second hand favorite,
from Havana to me, about master, who has ever to the
convenience of the stranger, the look of kindness pity,
from the time he first landed here, one of the hands of
our room looked at days with sorrow sympathy upon us,
& the I cannot understand him, nor he me, we talk away
every fact, he thought me yesterday he was very sick, by
pointing to his breast & throat when the caputons came,
