was the feelings of my heart, that gave pregnancy to
the pains of my body; at the birth of my daughter,
my heart glowed with rapture, my mind was animated
& elevated by hope, & the agony I suffered was wel
comed, yes gladly welcomed as the forerunner of
one of the greatest blessings Heaven could bestow
how how different, every pain but accelerated my
misfortune; I had no fortitude to suffer, my
spirit, more such I had it not been for the
suffering love of my dearest husband, I knew
not whether I could have preserved that quiet on
which my life depended; for I am persuaded that
the least agitation would have been fatal. At
last I was relieved from suffering, but was so
wear & low, that I was only preserved from
fainting by the restoratives which my dear sister ap
plied. I lay near two hours too weak to converse, but
my mind was as clear & active as in full health
& I felt perfectly resigned to the death which
I believed inevitable; I wished to embrace you my
dear girls, to weep over you for the last time & to give
you into the arms of your father; but if I awakes
you, your cries would have disturbed my last
moment, & you would have sought to benefit from
the same.
But I placed Providence to fortune my life & Suddenly
regained my strength once more I saw the return of
that day to which I had been so well, then fell into
a sweet sleep from which I awoke much refreshed
It required great effort to refresh that sorrow which
my life inflicted, in addition to my extreme tenderness
for children, I felt at a mother's tenderness for this
little being of whom I was helpless. But I ever came
into my recovery, by reflecting on these blessings which
were still mine. For several days my kind husband
took charge of the house & children below town,
& left all quiet & still, while my best friend
took his station in my room which for several
days he never left 20 minutes at a time.
I did not think it possible he could have performed
the office of nurse, but what with not affection do! Never was there one more watchful
faithful & affectionate. In the silence 2 neither
in which I was for some days, I had become
a inclination for serious meditation, & I must
these meditation, will prove salutary for many
years to come. I felt as if I had commenced a
new term of existence, as if I was beginning
life anew. Dear children how kind is providence
to your mother; Events that at first seem afflictive, are by his goodness turn
