liberties, & the time will come when you as well
as me will meet before him. Here indeed we
are very different; you are a pretty lady, that dress
you with a machine, I have done to need a pretty lady
in a few years, crowded with caps & bows not one letter
is but when one dies & you must die on well in me,
I am quite dissatisfied with her that your office will be a
little longer than mine. Then when that time
comes you will know I am innocent, -- that God
saved the prince her arms & eyes forwards, that God did
it wider as both -- because that I am innocent. These were
her words as nearly as I can recollect.
Her character is yet one had proof beyond doubt
that she was guilty of the theft laid to her charge.
She is a most extraordinary woman, amplying the
character of virtue divine with a proud intellectual
value would have triumphed over her has the most
humane & tender disposition. She has a most
refinement bordering of mind, great activity & vigour
of body, very inventive, full of experiments, a
difficulty, full of ardor and in any undertaking she
could do any kind of work, either men or women,
her soul was not the soul of a slave.
1806.
Thursday.
Seventeenth of September, in a hospital, into which
rapidly does time pass & thus few visitors dare to leave behind.
I am not able to get in contact with them, I seem to have done
nothing. The happiness of a family in every day adds, every day
to home is to be put in order the two principal
to clothing made a model. -- From it then require to
whole of life to support life, few are exempt from
the necessity -- at times how inconvenient it has been sometimes
to these domestic arrangements cause it with difficulty
I seem to admit my mind to this kind of existence a woman
it not for the animal spirits a constitutional good
humour & contentment with which I am endowed often
would this contrast between my duties & melancholy
make me quite miserable -- This evening I have
enjoyed a most pleasant portion of placidity
& cheerfulness; few days have occurred in which I have
not felt an almost to discharge to duties in which
I have not enjoyed the greatest temperature of mind,
but this sunshine has been more & then overlanded in
moments when have occurred when my mind has refused
to be trained to the memory of family business & has
found to secure in to the regimen of intellectual existence,
feel within me an activity & self-possession thought,
an elevation of soul, a overflowing of imagination,
which quite unfit me for the lively duties of
my humble situation. The limited circle which
it is prescribed for woman to tread, seems like
that of the house chained to the wall, while
