198
would have to leave; that Stewart and Grant considered
again with Hulles that exciting situation was a
would continue, but finally consented at once to two
and double of their Cleveland address and to
have along their line, or Hulles & Roberts both
advanced him; that Stewart had now decided against
the Ohio and sent Stewart in trouble. Grant of course. Grant a trouble
but Grant troublesome & must send to him. Grant of course
wanted to meet and accomplish to part of to Gen. Stewart
& in which circumstances etc.
Huller said Stewart was ready and willing to
his best of his men who gave him what
they thought would relieve him & leave him here
in a safe house in to surrender themselves to,
Granger said Stewart had often threatened use of
Stanton and must send Grant after making him
know he thought Grant should leave him of which
course Grant in closing the line from him any one else
on earth.
Huller said he could have the line Stewart has
said Gen. Grant would use a dismembered.
from 26. November
the Cleveland says two messages returned from
but leave 12.30 leave for NY.
4 seem unanswerable from his line in writing
to go to NY to meet Gen. Warren!
199
Huller comes into West Office.
The situation is Gen. Warren and Grant both say he must
anything about his will, not said No and Hulles
sent him now nothing except what he had him a
the situation. He excellent and also told him about
the reasons for his to N.Y. after arrival his letters
and he said it cannot be impossible for him
to believe that Gen. Grant ever sent to him
Gen. Warren; Grant at present is in occupation of
the Post and ultimately responsible to Gen.
Warren of the West.
Huller said Grant expected Grant a friend in this
and Grant agreed that if will come to
support it, Grant will return an answer
believing any other country is a last resort
by except in connection with Grant.
New 27. Tuesday
Huller said Gen. Hulles called him into Gen. Mill
State on route to NY; that he could he was
from this, either he demanded and to me a seat
around; that he should make no effort to me
Gen. Warren, Huller said Gen. Warren remarked
every effort must to me. Gen. Hulles said he
wanted to meet Gen. Warren a dinner in Grant
by East, Union Center, Huller told Gen. Grant need
to him support and intercession Gen. Warren
