Banks and the Court hesitated to cut down the
capital of the claim. But any lower; that
was then I had suggested amending the
claim regulations to permit license bonds in
the paid in question to remain closed to
Chicago on the credit of Miss. Reitz
and that I thought that would meet
their difficulties. I added that it was
satisfactory there were difficulties with
area regarding the Milwaukee Bns who
must be removed out of question to them
that the only question, to my mind, was
the broker's inability; that I did not want
to transfer the Counties in question to the
Chicago district if any other practicable
remedy could be found; that Mr. Harding
did not believe my suggestion would remedy
the situation; I accor. asked him to consult
the Bns and see who they felt my suggestion
was a remedy; that if satisfied it was
not I should feel compelled to vote to
transfer at least part of the Counties
in question. At his suggestion I wrote him
a letter suggesting this remedy and asked
him to ascertain who the Bns thought
it would cause the difficulty.
I had also instructed a union. some
days ago who I sent to Harding; also wrote him
lasty repeating the suggestion & asking if any
other points in U.S. were in a similar
position. Harding had written some days ago
my suggestion would not solve the problem
and lastly he came in and repeated the
offer. He said there were no other points
in the opinion, in the U.S. where a similar
situation did arise except Iowa & the second
count was really different, as in Iowa
case the handbuck was in Milwaukee whole
in Iowa. The U. J. Bns would not be materially
affected & the Corn Bns did not protest
by some remedy similar to that who I
had suggested.
245
July 21. Friday
Delano writes favoring an attack that small
U.S. has many U. States from Red. Res system!
Says large Bns can take care of the
small banks.
He is a lumberer!
I wrote him we had better try to get the
United States really consider vital & let
all others go.
On train:
Told Delano the nearest Union of North Carolina
left us with the letter favoring the
for Govt Director. Chief. Bk in place of
Meridell.
Also arrived with the statement that Rev. Bk
