way & demanded that in the case of such
statement that it was as I obtained the information
passed on in my absolute, I still am only one
voice in the whole. To study it and then could be
willing to vote upon the proportion; that if
the information was not furnished before the
military I should then ask for 1 week, 1 week, 1 week
to study the matter -- and that if
that request was telegraphed or delivered
or parliamentary lecture for delay (Miller stated)
I should never think myself when it.
Miller said our attitude made him want to
vote the whole way. For all the time wanted --
wh. he personally agreed in support or not,
and he wanted to do it in damned quick.
Miller also referring to Gen Burger, said that one
member of the Senate wished Gen Burger's
attack on him. His Boss, I asked him to remain
the member & he said Gen. McCade.
Del said his answer this was true and that
Gen H. could not deny it.
Quinsey went again as to whether any member
had consulted w. Sec Houston and all
denied it except Miller who remained
silent. Gen. Houston said, I understand this
that no member has directly or indirectly
consulted w. Sec. Houston? Miller again
remained silent.
Harding said he had consulted me of his
satisfaction as to political activity of Jackson
and Kentucky.
Harding consulted question who. Sec. Houston had regret
to be recorded as in favor of my Report -- I
ruled No. of which my man consent & reminded
him that we had hitherto always granted
this right and H. did not press the question.
Del. said easily should be sent to Houston & Jones
said as Council had sent me to Glass we should
also be sent to Denver. I agreed -- another bitter
debate followed & no action was taken.
Suddenly Miller said he was about ready to
move that the whole report be given to the
public -- I said it would not object except for
one reason -- I thought the man, himself
of course, of confidence in Jud. The system as
at present existed could deliver the country
& perhaps cause financial trouble. A loud
bust of laughter followed from Del. Harding,
Miller & Webb.
A few minutes later however Webb, did he
should have to read report again -- that in
fact he had not yet read it completing as
he only read it Sunday afternoon or that
morning in his return from N.Y. He said he
will have to shelve out anything wh. must
dealt with the public!
Del. then addressed room saying of course he never
will admit any errors in his Report. Emphasis
indisputable -- not in fact will never admit
he was ever in error as to anything.
Harding sat strongly at Richmond heavy
lips. Robert Crag. Couch had given a fatal
blow of cold, actually occurred!
