an apparent to Congress. I went over whole matter
w. him & he finally so published. Used the whole while
it but not publish it until he saw me
again. I then informed w. Lewis & telegraphed Meador
who set the whole letter. Elan.
Y M Elan called me at my house -- set Meador
had talked w. him & he told not publish any
interview until he had seen me but would
write Delano at once. It first be did not seem
to expect to come asking to see President but when I
explained this told him would not expect to say that
President had authorized Meador to do
nothing because of President's solicitude -- he said he
hoped to speak the President's will not interfere but
we must forget it and go on Board.
He said the members felt that use of Meadors relations
be exercised an undue influence over the President
and that the facts might not be necessarily
reported to President by Meador.
Later called up Meador in accord w. me as to
that effect found at house earlier in evening.
He was very indignant at Hardings suggestion
-- assured me to conduct this if he did it in
carrying & sell if they did something might
happen at the White House.
I told him in my opinion of the President's views
would give President a status just below Congress
and above Congress of State, Secy. Gen & Post Secy
it would go over to Wilson good feeling -- & I
believed that this letter thing was the real
cause of the trouble -- that they believed they
were not part of America & so they is told
out of their own; that I believed Meador was
deliberately trying to embarrass Adams on President
purposes but that often times were very
angry because of neglect at being slighted.
He, of course, set this old man nothing to do
w. their attitude why he ascribed to same
motives as Wilson. He said he told Delano
when he arrived w. him some time ago that
he intended soon to have up matter w.
Presidt & looked up old fellow's Board.
I begged him to do it at most even if President
did not after which I went home.
I added that they old show now they
were out in cold -- did not even address
atty Gen -- had no status. I added that
I thought they had a right to feel that
Presidt should settle this one way or another.
Am afraid I made letter improper -- Meador
sounded like a strangerly blind.
Nov 14. Sunday
1861. Sunday
1861. Sunday
1861. Sunday
