5 to 2, in Delano's favor, to disagree with
Dr. Millikin & I voted no, and Dr. Millikin refused to
have his vote recorded.
January 17, 1865. At nine o'clock, I went to Court by 20. Union
ambassadors & supporters, Judge Meloy
said to me that he was amazed that
the people did not more generally see the
great advantages of the Federal Revenue
act; that he was satisfied it was largely
owing to Compt. Williams; that this had come
to him from all over the country. He also
said "I will say to you in strict confidence
that -- no matter how I may finally decide
this Repp. Bill case, I believe that Williams
letters will give illustrations of how not
to do a thing; they will most unfortunately
and unpatriotically injure the
administration, although I admit he is honest,
and very likely able. He assured me
somthing should be done to prevent his
utterly corrupting the administration.
This money Williams brought up, matter
of his salary from date of appointment as
Comptroller to Aug. 10, Millikin and Colton seem
since ago have affirmed that he was entitled
to it and a few days ago the Comptroller
of Treasury ruled that it was a valid debt
payable out of the U.S. Res. assessments.
Delano, to whose Court matter had been referred
arrested on next time. Lewis objected and
finally Delano said if Williams insisted
he could make a preliminary verbal
order. Lewis did insist and Delano said the
case was coming matter -- did not find how
matter was referred to Court. If money was
finally awarded it was on a petition of this
petitioner by Millikin. It seems the matter
was docketed when Williams opinion was
rendered and that item opinion was called
for officially by the Board. And money
will be lost me Compt. Lewis objected to its
being docketed as it was a claim which
required no action by the Board, the
petition being purely out of law. That
same morning Millikin came to me with
his opinion & said no reason for docketing
it as it was purely a question of
complication of testimony. That day, I
think, was named him absent in the
Board and finally the Board struck it
from the docket. I explained to Board
that while my recollection was not
