at my writing. Brady is out asking for vote of Sec.
Ree. H. then addressed Hulett & informed him that
our proceedings were subject to general rules of Paul-
lin law & that in December old result is instantly
unspoken motions to annulment. This puzzled
Hulett.
I could have dismissed Hulett Clint be had acted
in some way last summer when, as out of
any authority for Boll he went to N.Y. courts regarding
& went to see W. Morgan at Manchester and Col.
Harris at Manchester. (See Salem 7.)
They all said matter stood just as it was and my
power must be defined.
I then read to Boll a letter from Gen. Howe Smith pro-
testing against my reduction in districts & Resigns
& added that he told me Saturday that he had
talked Harding to child with him.
I next read a letter from Gen. Oliver W. Jones
& he referred to a suggested plan to abandon Boll.
Gen. Cleveland, Talles, Attucks & Carrollton of 4th
Philadelphia City.
I explained to Boll that Oliver told me a copy of
course about had been sent him -- Sec. H. had
already told Boll he had sent him one -- He
assured me directly what districts Res Cops were
proposed to be abolished.
I told him that Gen. Ol. had told Boll that
course had not agreed with any such plan
claim that Bullhorns told me Harding
had offered him a much stronger or new
system & that while he had not examined at 121
(4th supreme h.) Harding had told him
it established Boll. Gen. Cleveland (substituting Crime.)
carried H. Kent, W. St Louis -- Atlanta & Atlanta and
made N. Wil. a 3rd in the Boll, & also added Baltimore
to Philadelphia.
I said then explained Gen. Oliver's allusion to a
proposed scheme. (The course report simply
stated reducing Boll & Res Boll to 8 in 9).
course was very better -- did Oliver's letter mean
he answered -- that he had never advocated
reducing Boll to N.Y. etc. (Thus is directly
contradiction to Willis about Hulett objected at
our home to Warb. plan of central Boll w/N.Y.
course then answered that the proceedings be letter
down by telegraphing -- immediately more confusion.
They all said thing would be delegated if it
were made a rule for the future on all
meetings of Boll, but thing would vote against
thus. we agreed two years and finally Harding
refused to amend motion so that any 2
members of demand a sitting. Jones said
he could more that a sitting be applied on
this proceeding & that any 2 old demanded one
at any time. I recorded thus. Finally after
long discussion Sec. H. agreed W. to withdrawal
from our present & he died so.
The Boll then asked me to ask Atty. E. Hurd
not to publish opinion for the present in it.
all agreed & we then adjourned until 3 PM.
