which he hoped no member would indulg in.
But he said he had lost his temper yesterday or
certain times at the meeting & doubtless had said
much he ought not to have said, but he was
quite very angry at the institution that the
Courts was trying to steam roller the matter
through: that which he admitted he had
and he expected 4 votes on question of voting
to instruct yet Dr. Miller had not directly
made any promise as to two votes.
I said that I intended later to make a personal
direct answering every attack which had been
made against me and that I intended to warn
whilst that my words might be misused.
The Town moved to send copies of report to Houston
& others; Miller moved to refer to Committee of Redistricting.
Mr. Delano said Court intended to make another
about striking out certain words in one vote
and ask to have it substituted, i. e. no occasion
to send copies to Houston & others. Miller said
he was satisfied in reading report that
there were words in it which might give
false impression and to certain extent it was
justified in my criticisms. I then asked
Miller if he did not agree with me that
words at meeting that could be injurious to
vote for Court about 10 out thereby relinquishing
the arguments & conclusions based on doubts &
assurances not substantiated in detail. He said Yes.
I asked that Court was not dismembered as it
had appealed for multiplication and that it did more
another report if it wished & the Bd would leave
such action as it wished on to tomorrow as
when it was offered.
Finally it was agreed that matter of giving copy
of report to Houston & others should be left to Court
Bd. saying he would write them that Court might
put on another report & give him & to return
them.
This then Miller demanded me that same time
ago Bd passed vote calling on Res how not making
efficiency to report who, any need of Res Res
themselves. This was done but some of Bd felt
that some member bosses will begin to
make full Res boss appearance again, by returning
to ask for reduction.
Later this was voted down - Miller said - because
I suggested that such action might alarm
bus. people.
The N.Y. Times this morning after reading
Res system all a Res boss not making experience
must find its right to continue.
