the advice of instructors, nor the authority of
parents can accomplish — she became an enthusiast
& need not even a continuance because she must
be read.
"How I pity those (the exclamations) who have
no love of reading or the fine arts — I have passed
my youth amidst amusements & in the most brilliant
intellect, but I am apart with perfect luck. That I
have never tasted pleasures of time, or have
been found in books, writers or mankind."
The days, I suppose, are full of brilliant entertainments,
are always melancholy — but these are
successive days of duty are tedious — we have gained
something & we have lost the first day not only without
regret or despair, but with considerable satisfaction.
The few true & true — how exactly does it describe
my own experience — when I recollect the means
used to feel after morning coffee in reading
the newspaper & evening after an evening of
music, poetry & papers & papers in a novel — the vacuum
of mind — the coldness of heart which were
part of my existence & the intercourse of affairs
of which I was indifferent — with that ever
changing city, where society is composed
of strangers & transient amateurs residents in
two houses — when I contrast the quiet
life that I led in the city, with the quiet
life I now enjoy — I can never taste pleasures
so true, as those I have found in books
& writing." — These never weary
The evening before Lord Byron's Death
The spoke of death also with great confidence, and though
he did not believe his end was a very near, time was some thing
about him so anxious and so keen, so urgent and comforted, so
different from anything I had ever seen in him, that my
mind misgave me, and at times he looked as if he felt
"things" he said, when I first went to him, I have much
talked to you today, I have had most strange feelings, but
my heart is now better, I have no gloomy thoughts, and no
idea but that I shall recover. I am perfectly collected, I am
sure I am in my senses, but I am certainly well enough over
me at times. The mention of the subject brought the melancholy
to his back, and a few exclamations showed what occupied
Lord Byron's mind when he was ill in silence and solitude. "My wife! My wife! My country! The situation
of this place, my removal impossible and perhaps even the
ill fortune to make me sad. Since I have been ill I have
given to all my plans much serious consideration, you shall
see me at your leisure preparing for building the obelisk,
and when other things are done, we will end the last band
to this work, by a visit to America. To reflect this has been a
prelude to me, and has turned my mind from regretful
thoughts. When I left Italy I had time on board the brig to give
full scope to memory and reflection. It was then I came to
the resolution I have already informed you of. I am convinced
