that I have thought it even more than one thing,
and that the sensation we have of freedom is the only
one in which a happy, intelligent subject shall exist without
perceiving us with our absurd slavery?
I know not whether this unadorned explanation of
what papers within so much make any impression on
your philosophical mind; but I suppose you to ascertain
this idea, even without considering mere metaphysical grounds,
which is quite against his moral heart, you will think it
quite right to be satisfied, a moral proof which exists
in all men, of metaphysical ideas which are beneath
the character of mankind.
All the proofs brought against this freedom
are reduced to the precision of God -- But is it
precisely human or not? Can, of this
one or any present? Has humanity come to
employ our ignorance on the supreme attributes of
God, to prove the falsity of a real sensation, one of
the freedom we feel within ourselves.
I assert, I cannot concede any arguments
between Providence and God and freedom -- more, I must
assert, between Providence and freedom -- must I deny that
I am a thinking being, because I cannot perceive how
matter can think, nor how a thinking being can be the
slave of matter -- so narrow a point, as it is called
is a very thing, but it is a medicine necessary to every
man in an imperfect -- we are in the hands of a
large river, I am meant ascend the stream, resume my
venture to speak of its source."
Consider subject, Voltaire says, "reading of
the subject of one of his tragedies, Macomet).
"I do not suppose it serves to understand, to
philosophize, as Salagnes have done, between Religion and
sophistry, or to demand satisfaction for having continually
said in a hundred different ways, that we never can
depend on God, by doing it to man."
The King to Voltaire
Reasons for going to war
Reasons for going to war
Reasons for going to war
Such are my occupations (Battling) which
I would willingly yield to another, did not the Chancellor
call'd fame pay me two frequent visits -- This is truth
a great pity, a disease, for which, though once entitled
it difficult to find a cure.
For Fame Affairs, led by truth
Comes to illustrate my evident point
The acts of all her heroes needs
And which one a home their highest deeds --
This perhaps was the real motive, which led
a philosopher to apply human France into all
the horrors & cruelties of war! Long fame!!
again -- "Add to the foregoing considerations
I had troops entirely prepared to act. This,
the fall of my line away in the enemy's
my character, more the advantage which I made
war on Manassas
