maintains from Seneca
that cannot live happiness any where, can live
happiness no where.
It must be a change in the mind or not change in the
climate, that will remove the heaviness of the heart
or vice or along with it or me carry on another cause
of an existence.
He in another whether a man goes, that carries his
effectsions with him. It would be better to make himself
another man, than to transport himself to another place
to be deprived our loves he believed a disciple of the present
or a disciple of the future, but he that loves as he should
orders himself so as neither to fear, nor to wish for tomorrow
if it comes, his welcome, but if not, thus nothing
intoligence that which is to come, is but the same
and again with that which is past.
Of all others a studious desire, "the least time
it makes no easy to ourselves & others.
a method man happy
for, let wishfulness escape at it many at the bar,
it never fails of doing justice when itself, a man
guilty person is his own hangman, with the desire
of his own happiness.
Yes no one can be happy that is not
from amidst all contingencies that cannot
day -- I would have been content, had it been
31, or 32, but since his otherwise determined, God
will provide better --
The more one struggles against necessity, me draw the
least the hindrance, the worse it is with me -- The more
the bird flies a reflection in the same, the greater it is caught
so that he has only in to submit to his slavery under
this double consideration, that the proceedings of God
are unquestionable & his decrees not to be omitted.
I will submit -- for what Seneca says true --
Never for ourselves or man wholly, whose
happiness depends upon fortune --
The less money -- the less trouble -- the less favor --
the less envy -- they even under lopes, that depend
on of our sorrows, it is not the top itself, but the
fortune of the top, that troubles us. It is a common
mistake to account these things necessary, which
one suffers for ever to defend upon fortune, for
that fortune, which exists only upon ourselves.
Despair of nothing -- but hope every thing
Hope to have a provide for the world.
There no defense in walls 2 justifications
against the power of fortune, we must provide
ourselves, position & when we are safe from one
our imminence -- we may be bothered, but not
our fortune.
Political business, are sometimes a time to take to us
our friends that we take -- but we are taken
This however we may conclude upon, that his
empire is temporary & that whenever necessity
comes, (we only need to hasten, to her) makes himself
a voluntary Client, --
