found you are some remarks from my work
on free will? Perhaps the love of humankind, by which
all my thoughts are actuated, has led me astray in
this work; whereas as I do not think there would matter
the virtue or vice, punishment or reward of any
society (especially among politicians) would be an immense
misuse of human agency, did not man possess such
a absolute freedom. How should you in any error
or my thoughts, pardon them as the love of
principle in which they originated.
I always endeavoured to make my metaphysical
concern to morality I have sincerely turned all
the attention of which I was capable, to examine whether
I could obtain any clear idea of the human soul I
have found that the fruit of all my researches, is ignorance.
I discover that it is really the same with the thinking
part of active free will as with God himself. Any
reason tells me God exists -- but this same reason
informs me I cannot know what God is. In fact
how should we know what he said is, when it
can happen to be our blind, we cannot form any
idea of what I Therefore we cannot trust, that
every thing which another could manage the soul
is unable to leave us the least doubt. My principle
ends, after having professed round this soul, in order
to discover its nature, has been to regulate it for it
in the fitness of our watch -- and I
The question of freedom is the most interesting one can
examine, since we may affirm that on this question all
moralists defend -- I have therefore chosen a able argument
in support of this doctrine, page 183, of the Rechthomers works
on government of government. God with
after a long argument, in which a God, is not
only recognised, but is the foundation stone, on which
his argument rests, he concludes
"I am able this is mixed with doubt in that
it is a confusion between them a selection of the difficulty,
in fine Sir, I am that very difficult objections are
made against freedom -- but equally good are made
against the existence of God as in despite of the extreme difficulties raised against a creating providence,
it is believed in creation a providence, Schiller believes
God does believe myself free (that is to a certain point)
in despite of the powerful objections you make.
"I once more ask what is the reason
that the author of nature has given us this question
of freedom if it does not exist -- does it not give any
solution of this problem? But not an answer to any God
we not said you are free? But undoubtedly he not does
you are free for God does not desire to treat us, but
he has combined on our hearts a belief which religion can
incurable in this natural feeling, is it as he says --
God -- all our other sentiments are true, the reason
becomes us in the desire we have to be happy, to eat
drink, to propagate our species -- when we pray
divine, these desires existing equally when we are sensible of
Religion we are well informed we do not feel pain --
when we die, we do not dread death, the action of
being is not being
