to do the gay that lights up the eye, the realization
that gives the soul of the Christian character a new
garment that lightens the soul that warmth - surely no
one - Even the sceptic would acknowledge that
for he had no wisdom, or conscience to do anything
as with the doctrines he deemed false or erroneous.
I was much affected by the account you have
written me, of the preferment our friend has made
for the last most scenic of mortality. It is certainly an
uncommon & necessary or consequence of mankind, which
I quite I own, I have hitherto believed only religion
could inspire - but even she - you may, could not
separate that last sentiment, that last abode of man
without a shedding eye - this too is natural, & I suppose
that even the strongest reason, is inferior to its power
to the most humble faith & longs to men an incident
that occurred last summer. You must recollect
the log cabin in the woods, not half a mile
from our house - In our watches we have some
times stopped to look in on the miserable widow
- The mother of this poor family, died a few
months ago, after a long & lingering illness. The
elder daughter came to assume one of the vacant
place in my engagement if a thread was wanting, I
no matter, said she - I made it the day I returned
from Marmmy died - She called me to her bed
and said, Nancy says she - took in the title of the short
piece of cotton cloth which I had wrapped up in a piece
of paper - take it Nancy & go to the city & buy some
cotton cloth with it. I will put enough of course clothes
for a thread. Do ma'am you don't know how this
is difficult for me. But Marmmy told me as to me, that
I get quite easy - and so ma'am I went to
the city & bought the cotton & a candle too -
and at night after the little ones
were in bed & asleep, I put down in a corner with
my back to Marmmy & tried to cut it out. I did not
want her to see what I was about - it seemed such
a sad thing ma'am - that she was watching me up
& crying at the work I was about, she called
and I put the cloth to her - and so ma'am, after
betraying her up, I sat behind her & hid the candle
whilst she cut out & finished the work - "I do not
wish to keep you up honey," said she - but I believe
you had best make this to night, as I think it will
be wanting to morrow." This made me cry, more
than before & then Marmmy said, "I shall lay in the grave
much more quickly than I have long laid on this bed
& pray - Jesus, once laid in the grave why should
we fear it - and the dying Jesus went from the grave - and so shall our - and Jesus
has opened for us a way from the dark prisons to
the bright heaven, where he now sits on the right hand
of his father & where all those that love him shall
go to. - And if we prepare when we make our
wedding clothes, to be married to an entirely different
world we are not required in making the quiet in which
we are to be found to the heavenly bride groom -
we are to be found to the heavenly bride groom -
and so ma'am, this is the way she talked to
me while I sat by her making her clothes -
and true enough ma'am, my dear mother wanted
it to be next day. - I guess ma'am she knows she
was dying, when she sent me for the cotton."
What think you of this Julia? In
the heroic & splendid life's death of the gentle
lady I must grant, there was an event with more
surpassing than this - the terrorism of a horrible Christian
to act thus - when you feel yourself dying - or
it is for beyond what I could do - or what I believe
but fewer even few Christians could do -
