as well as yours 2 Catherine, even apparent to
us 2 we have been waiting to commit you, before
any step is taken in this new path; for again
she passed 2 still Charles spoke not, his outward
convenience however, plainly showed his science
did not arrive from interference. Henry could
no longer control his irritated feelings.
"It is clear," said he, "Charles does not approve
or approve probably does not care about the
matter."
"Not care," said Charles, "not that
unkindly said."
"Why then this silence," resumed Henry
"that Charles was silent 2 his eyes were bent
now on the floor, now raised in wrath to
the face of Mary, then suddenly with drawn
whistle his bosom seemed breaking into some
painful secret. Henry knew nothing 2 nothing
but he pushed back his chair, then turned
forward, saying quickly at last -- he looked
strongly on his friend, but spoke not.
"What can all this mean," urged Mary,
me, who have but one heart 2 soul between
us, what is it that is concealed -- what is it
that is to be revealed? If you (2 I am
sure you do) feel an interest in Henry, and will
let me enter at once to tell you what you think,
2 what you suppose Catherine 2 you matter with
think, 2 of the plan, I have informed you of."
"Alas! Mary," exclaimed Charles in a moment
of time, as far as these plans have reference to
my future -- it is now
no consequence -- Henry's choice can no longer
influence her destiny --
Henry, seated from his chair 2 gazed wildly
on Charles, while Mary cried in almost a voice
"Henry, what is it I hear! what do you mean?
that, 2 that Charles 2 let me know the worst."
"My dearest Mary," replied he, grasping both her
hands 2 looking sadly at her -- that is more than
I am able to do -- I do not myself know the
worst, but what I do know, is 2 he forever
speaks, and Mary -- almost breathless with apprehension,
is what."
"Is," continued Charles, slowly 2 sadly, is, that
that circumstances have transformed, which must
former separate things 2 my sister."
"Good God!" exclaimed Henry, sinking into a
chair 2 leaning his head on a table, where he
hid his face with his hands."
"What are these circumstances?" asked Mary, in a
loud voice, with a dignity 2 vehemency 2 looking
at Charles fair, as if she would meet his eye
only."
"Just dear Mary, as one too painful for
me to tell you 2 -- alas! too soon for me
to know all. But such is their nature, under
this force, that I, even I, have poured my
mother in arriving from Catherine's solemn
provision never to be Henry's."
"You," cried Henry, starting up, with fury
in his eyes -- and by what might did you thus
control your sister."
"By that right, which the
guardians of his honor has, replied Charles
