There are no greater mistakes in the world, than
many whom the people deem not happy (true)
if they that man wills after wealth & honor
could but look into the hearts of those that
have already gained those points, how would it
startle them to see those feelings concealed
that wait upon ambition greatness -- all those
acquisitions which dazzle the eyes of the vulgar
are but false ophthegy to unattainable pleasures
& that lines of reason, will never be poor,
& he that possesses this life by opinion, will never be rich.
For nature is limited -- but fame boundless.
It is to mind that makes us such a happy
in what's never estate we are
choice of fortune
Vice is contagious & there is no trusting of the
sound & sick together.
As an ill air may endanger a good constitution
so may a place of ill example endanger a
good man -- The way to secure a man from
archedness is to withdraw him from the example
of it.
In the letters of a friend, methinks I
have his company & in answering them, I
do not only write, but speak
When I am with my friend methinks I
am alone & as much at liberty to speak
any thing, as to think it. Silence
And onward were they led to truth, by doubt!
after having observed much, whether in studying the
liberties of men, we naturally incline
to skepticism in the world to be deeply informed
often leading us to doubt.
Commerce, which conquers the world without guilt
and enriches it without plunder, in commerce, speed
and convenience! are they not eminently of an advantageous
species of the speculatives of the modern languages
the revenue deserves
"The combination given to the Delaware party
that has been called, the march of their geographical forces
has come their time! Appended with systematic forms
in other respects, complete & mathematical, & useful to the
people by whom they are spoken, are they the words
of more skilled troops, organized in far distant circumstances
national but in the aspect of arms?
"What says Mr. Dispenzaer, would Titubees or
Sophists have given to have had at this command
a word at once so under & so expressive?
This word, in Washington's Philadelphia, then makes me reply.
a state of warfare, appears to be
the natural state of man & from some accounts
seems to be more continually so among savages
than civilized nations, which is contrary to what
may yet be supposed, since the savage has fewer
objects of combative & divine, less to love & less to
despise in combat -- This constant state
of warfare is mentioned, as the chief cause
of the infidelities of our native people
& the dispositions of our countrymen
