It all with him, had she not to such scant
means for their mutual support. At the it
had been opposed by Charles, but absolutely supported
by Mary. — 1. General at 2. Lady was the sympathy
caused by the situation of this unfortunate
girl, that had she been an ordinary innocent
person, to give, she would have been helpless
to resist for fear that no one would have
the necessity to take part when her revolution was
once known, more easily than she could do
it was sent to her. — When the ladies of the
day were over, every evening Mary went her
own steps to her brother's prison.
X When Henry had been four years from
his dead father, & his dying mother 2. shut up
in his death bed, for many years, he had been so stunned
or overpowered by these incidents & unforeseen events,
that he remained for seven, for days in a kind
of stupor, a kind of vapour, ideal existence when
am I? "he would not claim — in a prison! what am
I? a murderer! — are these things possible? —
of his arrest she had not brought conviction — the dread
— but conviction of his last and one and final —
"on my father, my father," would be my only
— or agony, now was the noble nature thus transformed
into it could be the power that plunged these acts
guilty? — but it could have been — that they
had innocent, I would have escaped, but I have escaped
but what conclusion have I now — I die — that is nothing
from honor — that is nothing from death — I shall
have caused them from crime, from wrong, I shall
have injured them — but now — Oh my God —
Shall I have injured my hands in innocent blood,
Shall I have made a widowed
or our orphaned family — I shall die the death of
communists & all in vain — my father was guilty on
his own declaration — I am my testimony into blank,
at the hands of that dishonored name — or torture
intolerable — Such were the provocations of anguish which
from the soul of Henry I. which he was ashamed to
conceive except in his execution — and when his sister
Carrie looked a smiling angel & a cold heart
looked his dying with a hope of pardon &
life — he shunned the idea — Hope, he said, would
be an endormer, life — it meant the
want of life — the desire of dying — No, Mary
was not a Hope bring, no relief to me — what
is life, looked to dishonor — who would share
it with me — but there, with whom only I
would wish to share it — Catherine would
share me! — But my brother, my distant brother, I
look along to you — I will live for you & you
alone, in some spot where our dishonored
name is not known, we may live to earth
other to continue! —
Thus, hurt Mary — bitter not of living — I
