my prison doors - tomorrow morning my execution
will be disannulled. I shall be punished
by fire, fly, while there is yet time, exclaimed
his wife.
"Be calm," said he, "there is time sufficient
& the network shall in view, is one where
human power cannot menace."
The calmness with which he spoke, reasurred
his wife & she urged him to take some
rest & refreshment.
"All in good time," said he, "but meanwhile
let me not abridge time last & press our moments, for dearest of women, we must meet no man, - where I go, there cannot follow."
"Oh my netson, cried his wife, whereupon you, there will I go, put to the world and
with I follow you - you even to the grave."
Roberts asked her to his room & groaned
aloud - "Whereto, whereto, that I am said he -
the true preferable would poverty & crime
have been, to wealth, purchased by
fault - and yet my many, I scale human
to artifice, it was not for myself I consider
wealth - but it was the sight of your my
children, degraded in condition, deprived to
labour & to suffering, that deceived me, I
made me what I am - and further, I
reconciled myself to what I did, by thinking
I deprived no one of any thing - for that I
could legally make money, methinks I
never could have stolen it."
This view of the only act, condemned mitigated
the agony of Mrs Roberts. There was a diminution
of affection in her husband's manner, which
in her eyes palliated the guilt - The solicitude
of his wife at last prevailed & he consented to
put his own end from him, he had told her
his escape would not be discovered before
now in the morning, the hour for food to
be distributed among the prisoners & if he
should fall asleep, they had not to wake
him until eight, calming her apprehension
by saying he, he could reach the railroad
provided for him in time - adding that it
was not probable he should be caught & sent
at home, that being the last place where
it would be necessary he had secured refuge.
She watched by him & long feared he would
remain no more, but at last he had the comfort of
securing him fall asleep - He had carefully furnished
the door, & determined to prevent his escape the
truth from his children, when she heard
them enter the adjoining room, she rushed from
their father's arms at home & asleep, declared
that his father was at home & asleep, declined
taking any breakfast until he returned & returned
to his bed side to watch & meet.
Henry was released from his apprehension
by finding his father safe at home; yet even now
from what his mother had said the day before
that some fearful danger hovered over him,
some enemy from whom his life would be
destroyed he took down his father's pistol,
placed it in his pocket & then replaced them
many looked on with terror & enquired
the cause for such dreadful preparation -
"Hope there is no cause," replied Henry,
