them Philosophy has ever taught. On her aspect conduct, Policy, in her drops over Philosophy & on her tone of her
attitude to certain sentiments, she attains, elevates my soul & sets free my feelings, more effectually than any
description could do. I have a strong affection for her, more sincere than ever. I am more aware of her death
than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her
death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more
aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever.
I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death
than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more
aware of her death than ever. I am more aware
of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am
more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than
ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her death than ever. I am more aware of her
(The sun had just set as I finished to have
the sun had just set as I finished to have
the sun had just set as I finished to have
the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this time of day, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this time of day, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this time of night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this time of night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this night the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this night the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this night the sun and
the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this night the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this night the sun and moon raise in the morning, but even at this night the sun and moon raise in the morning, but even at this night the sun and moon raise in the morning but even at this night the sun and moon raise in the morning but even at this night the sun and moon raise in the morning but even at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning but even at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning but even at this night, the sun and
the sun and moon raise in the morning but even at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning but even at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning but even at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning but even at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but even at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night the sun and moon rise
the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night the sun and moon rise in this night the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night the sun and
the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and
the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning but at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning but at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this
the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this
the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of day, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of day, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and
the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon raise in the morning but at this time of the sun and moon raise in the morning but at this time of the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this
the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon raise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon rise in the morning but at this time of the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this
the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this time of the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon
the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this
the moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, (the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and moon rise in the morning, but at this night, the sun and
