he cannot be unjust, & ungenerous
Oh no - certainly not," said Henry with sarcastic
betrayal; neither unjust nor ungenerous, since
he still desired to retain on for the present
name of Douglas to force you from the ill
honored name of the latter.
"Richard," Robert said "Many obligations.
But if it will pacify you, execute my solemn
promise, I will never assume his name,
unless Catherine takes yours."
Charles, startled & turned round; he knew
he could, you knew not what you do -- what
you say. Cannot you presume to dissemble?
And your dear friend of my heart, dear companion
of my infancy, you Henry will forgive the fact
I have inflicted -- even you will own this difference
is past when you know all -- and Charles
might as he spoke, for the idea of the men
& dreadful will that surrounded over his
friend's, consumed every enjoy feeling.
"Tamwell," said he -- "when we meet
again you will forgive me" & with out
waiting to hear Henry's enthusiastic oath,
or Mary's soft solicitation, he rushed out
of the house.
Not all our come, Mary sunk in her
chair covered her face with her hands
& sobbed aloud. Henry walked the room
in an insurmountable perturbation
& more than once watched up his hat, with the
intention of following Charles, then threw it down
at the thought of the tardiness of his friend.
But for the others who had been awakened from
a deep slumber sleep in the adjoining room, now entered
and enquired the cause of the loud voices that had
heard -- Mary explained it at a seconded the same
which had taken place, from Robert's complaint
which she returned to when she heard the cause
of the sudden departure of Henry's connection
as quick as lightning off Robert's connection
with Catherine, she felt for some minutes
in a turmoil so profound that for some moments
her children feared she would never return her
at least however their tender arms embraced her
as soon as she could speak she called her
name to her & taking his hand, my dear
boy said she, parents, on your orders
she drives him down, never you will alone
the life of your poor unfortunate father for
from he has enemies, enemies who seek
from him his life. Henry must depart forever, forever
his life. Henry must depart his father's
life -- of your hope for happiness, happiness
exemplified in the others, break the oath you
have taken -- at all reasons in all circumstances
while she put Robert's father, softly opened the
door & hastened to his young master --
"Dear dear Sir," said Robert, "when he had shut
the door, I am mighty affronted some great
trouble has fallen on old Master."
"That do you mean, intuitively, and Henry --
down for, there was such a hubbub in the
city -- I saw a mob 2 ran to see what
