and antique words of other sublime
age days of duty, tranquil nights at home!
Milton - Orators
On his lips persuasion hangs
And powerful reason rules his tongue
That he alone could want the art
To charm at once & preserve the heart
And all the life, of life is gone!
He blots with temper, those undulated rays
Can make his nerves cheerful as to day,
They who can love as silent charms a dead
Or silent powers with unwarmed ear.
The finest nature
Is women's from adolescence, to old age
Or from contemplation to the temple of fire
In all her virtues defended & refuted.
Genius July 26. 1825
Perhaps there is something in that natural mechanism of
the human frame necessary to constitute a fine genius which is
not altogether favorable to the excellence of the heart. It is unfair
at least (and let it abide our envy of unconnected parts) that
great superiority of mental intellectual qualifications has not
often been found in conjunction with much noble advantage
of the moral kind. Melmoth - note to Emerson letter.
This observation arose from consideration of
Cicero's character & conduct - His letter to Brutus
in which he defends his young Pompey & Cicero, is much
& sophistical & one which he would defend with equal force
the most abandoned profiteering & diversion in political
conduct. It entitles him as engaged entirely by personal
interest, with little if any reference to the good of
the commonwealth.
I almost regret having read these letters, it is
so painful to discover even a meanness in the most
quiet men & virtuous individuals of our species -
also poor human nature.
I have finished Cicero's letters, a mere
from their general air or his general air
with disapprobation & disaffection.
The only letter that gives a favorable impression
of the writer, were these letters to a friend in distress
in which are collected every motive of ambition
which Physiologically afforded great as they were from
inferior to the sufferer what religion offers.
was never more sensible of the weakness of
persons in general & of the weakness of individuals
in particular when the dignity of the individual
was lost in the officialness of political
occupation.
