seem only contempt upon
to craft a feather or to drawn a fly, would be less extraordinary than that an immortal
person, a national being, should be too aggravated by such trifling as produce an effect
with a body of effluence of the Divine Temperament about to say -- but blood -- it is the most
increased subjectively a heat of the blood that can thus destroy an intellectual being --
It is that the soul cannot free from this bare reflection to flush the blood -- what effect -- subject to matter -- the divine soul, the
blood of the animal body!! I believe, endure it to hear, which shall destroy the animal, and
free the imprisoned soul! Does the animal soul exist they possess an immortal mind, a pure spirit
objectively every true nobility of character --
The author of my being, of my bliss
Blessings divine power -- wonders are power
whose eye are searching, thus this divine gloom
discurs the deepest secrets of my soul,
about me! --
On this art precious all
and with the eye of pity from thy throne
Beholdst the weakness of thy hand, thy little ones
struggling with sin, with infamy, with the world
Thy own I deeply fear I have felt
In turn an flood the trials of our hand
The nearest sympathetics how to aid and the true?
For we have not a bright front, which cannot
be founded with the feeling of our information,
but one who was tempted in all things
tempted like as we, put without sin --
Let us therefore come boldly under the
throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy
and find grace to help in time of need.
Influence of imagination
Lord Herbert, however much doubt whether he should publish his
description will be vitiate, or supersede it for a time, says, that
"on one fair day, in the summer, my earnest longing drew me
another South. I told my both many of particulars in my heart
and trembling in my knees, earnestly said these words
"To the eternal God, author of the light which now
shines on me, a guide of my inward illuminations, I do earnestly
pray that thy infinite goodness, to pardon a greater mortal
than a sinless night to mistake, I am not satisfied enough
whether I shall publish this book of Description; if I
be for thy glory, I should thus give me some joy
from heaven; if not, I shall supersede it.
I had no sooner spoken these words, but a loud, the
yet gentle sound came from the heavens, (for it was
like nothing in earth) which did so comfort a cheer
me, that I told my intention for granted, I that
(had the sign demanded) elsewhere also, I needed
to point my heart.
The however strange sweeter it may seem
I protest before the eternal God is true; neither can
(self-interest deceived them, since I did not only
already hear the name, but in the severest day that I
ever saw, having without all doubt, did to my thinking
on the place from whence it came!
Dr. Herbert judiciously construes this singularly
interesting story, with the parallel of Col. Jones's
convict, 2 demons both to be the effect of imagination
other imagination, which influence is put to
natural, as no one can believe that God would
visit only a miserable, or supernatural warning
singer, to cause or spirits -- in one case to encourage
a devil to hellish work, designed to overthrow
the gospel, in the other to answer to convince
man of the truth of the gospel --
Thus it is how matches divine imagination
