Bother me on my greatest difficulty next to making books,
but for necessity of those pleasantest in the mind always actually
at least on mind -- that it have only intellectual or study
that it have only intellectual or study government, it now
would be an unreal miserable treasure to me -- for
now I have become independent of employ it
me and slaves of circumstances -- the slaves of place to
blood -- the slaves of other actions and fortunes --
This life is slavery -- this body a prison -- Oh my soul
when shall thou be free!
Saturday Montgomery knew deeply Kent then studied life!
Write go on studying thee -- then hast unbolled
thy whole nature -- all thy feelings -- all thy thoughts --
the powers physical & moral are amalgazed -- I why not?
is not man, a being composed of both? -- and what they
the soul & body are companions, we should in order
to the improvement, usefulness, or enjoyment of either,
attend to the wants of both -- neither can enjoy or enjoy
separately -- the mind is even more dependent on the
body than the body on the mind -- why in this case why
should the inferior govern the superior? -- Or think of
some otherwise -- but man is man -- that when
Man he comes angel -- then the soul shall have
its turn & depart the two demons -- I love humanity of the
best companions! -- Meanwhile -- our old youth
as well as possible depart with all our power, the
separateness of thy Heaven-born companions, the frail &
cambiousness, & selfishness body!
I can give no account of my life by my actions; fortune has
placed them for me; I neither do it by my feelings; Montgomery has
continually urging, a threat checks me; favor makes me fond,
fear oppresses me -- I desire to know the pleasure of going abroad, spoil the pleasure of
complacency by being at home -- at the world's
opinion, I am a person of principle, by leaving your company.
I shall not give up my principles, I should like to die a thousand
dieings before I should say I was a man who had lost his principles.
The smallest of intellectual troubles are the most annoying, & an little letter
most times the only, so do little affairs most difficult in their execution.
A number of little else more difficult, than one -- human spirit
of itself is a tender thing & easily mutilated; since my own has
made me grow more sensitive & more prone to despair, for as Science says, no
man may judge himself after he once begins to despair; for the most
beautiful thing imaginable consists in human nature, which afterwards
becomes the most pitiable & melancholy half of its own accord, attracting & destroying
itself in matter whereon to feed. (Cruel, but pitifully pretty human nature)
Many have taught others to deceive, by learning to
deceive; & by instructing others have given them a just title
to deceive themselves.
If I have not a heart, I will indulge them to deal faithfully with
me by the entire truth I place in them. Montgomery.
Our defense ourselves of our proper ceremonies, to assume
moderate our appearance to the common opinion; we cannot
say much what are being, or are becoming, in reality, as
to what it is to the public observation. From the goodness of
the mind & wisdom itself, recommendations to no person enjoyed
by ourselves, & of it produce not itself to the new distribution
of others. it.
