of the American machine & to stimulate me
to efforts, to say all, I can do for your
family in few months, perhaps, which I have
tags that of still have to be act on your dear
children! -- "done one another as I have loved
you" -- I bear with each other imperfections
remembering that each have their individual
character, from which all must suffer. On
the whole I consider one to another -- let me, the
father of twelve, be a model of correct
behaviour to you. -- On the Body, cannot be at
ease, while one of its members is diseased, neither
can a family be happy, while one of its members
is ill, distressed -- diseased, by mis, undertaker,
or sorrow -- see it then the cause of the one member
that the whole may be well & happy. --
"Good temper," is to domestic life, what sunshine
is to natural world. When clouds, obscure
the sun -- how pleasant, how pleasant is an evening
of the gentlest flowers, the most beautiful
forms, the gayest colours, are obscured! --
But not more is there the virtue of the
happiness of domestic life is, by the absence
of the cheering influences of good Temper. -- Oh
give me another! Now every year, why not
be easy, every sacrifice delightful -- Selfishness
to be absorbed in family love & interest. --
When I leave you, a leave you smart, &
the most sensible person, cannot according to
the course of nature, be far distant -- when
I leave you, 2 you can no longer see my face
nor hear my voice, Remember me -- Let
your sadness, not your sorrow, but remember me with that love that
lends love, that shall melt your hearts & might
turn into one stream of kindness & affection -- Oh
leave me another, with the same love with which
I leave loved one -- a love which made your
gays a sorrow & all its cure -- And if from
the world of spirits, we are allowed to see
what is passing below, with thanks to right of
your union leave, & sentiment Romney will add
been to the joys of heaven.
And should your father live he listen from
you -- oh my son be his father, he protector
of your sisters -- cultivate all the virtues, eradicate
all the faults of your character -- And build your
happiness on them.
Dear children how strongly do your love bind
me to a world, I would otherwise not quit!
