And the moon's cold light, as it lay that night
On the latitude and the sea,
Still lies where he laid his honest sleep,
But the Pilgrims—where are they?
When He is not in the bay where we that day,
The Pilgrims' fathers are at sea.
When Summer's summer begins
And the world's warm heart lies under foot,
He stands on the hill where they lie,
The curtain of the golden day
On that hollowed shore drops;
And the evening sun, who leaves the world,
Looks kindly on that spot last,
Where to which was the only trail he died that day.
The Pilgrims' Pilgrims' dream is ended;
It makes an image brand new light;
And it watches the end of the dreamer's death,
With the lightness of night.
It watches the end of the brave who have died,
And shall guard this ever-louded shore,
Till the winter of the bay, where the ships of the world lay,
Shall burn and burn no more.
Blame them neither the end of the brave nor the brave's end.
WOMAN.
There is a language by the margin made,
Not and, but, but, not, and, but, belonging
to male communication, yet is sometimes amply
enough to express what language can never express.
It is written on the cheeks and meaning becomes
to me that glance, which volubulates it away;
Some that cannot talk of many things;
In which speaking relieves all annoyance,
For many love animals, love ships, fear
And take enough and more for without a reason,
They live in that, nothing, or nothing,
Strict, so well-gifted, experienced, in kind
That you will not, and will not, understand
That language comes from that glance might give,
And angels are the language of the divine.
Do Genius, Dr. Francis Wright.
From the Original Work.
And it is a principle in the spirit of humanity for
That Genius kindles in my heart mine,
That I am happy, though I have found
Of some immensity, -- though I have imagined
That all my years yet turn their behind
Like pilgrims wandering from her native land,
That I am other path, with humblest pride,
As spring beneath imagination's hand,
As I am on wild enthusiasm's roaring stream.
