the mental energy can conquer bodily suffering. But
the Christian faith can do even more. It can change
infidels into joy-sorrow in gladness -- it not only enable
us to suffer patiently, but to will.
"What is the greatest difficulty our soul has to encounter in its twenty hours?" asked a devout clergyman to
his day -- "My greatest difficulty consists in good women
"to wait patiently for the hour of my deliverance -- the
Sor, at times I go so long for that blessed hour, that I fear
I commit a sin."
"Yesterday, as a result of the Sabbath day, our
good clergyman came after he evening service
"to pray with me. This humble death bed -- several
friends together with her family were in the room
sitting around her. When the clergyman had taken
his usual seat beside her, he took her hand
& looked seriously in her face. "I did not intend
to meet you again on earth" -- she said
"I will meet you again in heaven" -- "Heaven did I
see her -- I looked to have spent this Sabbath
in heaven -- there to have commenced that
in both which shall never end. But it is a little
hard to wish that I remain far from him a little
longer -- I send our love to my sisters and my soul --
They will be done! -- but not your heart in trouble
and the clergyman -- On his faithful knees and
many prayers, I have been gone to prepare him
for such as love him -- When he is ready, he will
come for you -- "Oh! I know he will -- I know he will -- I know he will -- I know he will -- I know he will -- I know he will -- I know he will -- I will come quickly! -- "And is there no one
that will devote your to earth?" he enquired,
Not one, not one! she exclaimed firm and -- I am not willing to leave this earth without certain knowledge of
"Dear Christian," said she -- "I cannot think not that I do not love you -- but I have given your wife to that
seventeen fathers who can do more a better for you than I ever can for myself did." After a moment, her voice
was as much affected to speak -- "I am returned -- I am tired -- I have been with you, my dear friend, why do you
look at me with such a look? If you love me, my dear sister, that moment I was dead, when at pains of drowning
