Seify. I have procured the letters of Licorsi to Athens
today and find an indescribable pleasure in reading
them - have the heart to read often - no citizen
no gentleman - it is not the politician, the ambitious
statesman, or whose honor 2 years sacrifice & disappoint
ments I can feel little sympathy - but it is the
man that speaks, & this one of the greatest of men
put subject to the same passions & must refuse
the same affection & disgusts to which he never
answered. While reading these letters, I envy the
pleasure of pleasure which is derived from converse
action with the good & wise, about of all pleasures,
is one of the present & most delightful. I feel of
a morning as impatient to take up my Voltaire
as have ever felt to enter in to the company
of one I esteemed & admired. Two thousand years
have passed since Cicero. This thought & thus felt
how few how many millions of men have
had to earn their bread & same feelings. - Man
does not change - amidst the revolutions of empires
the necessities of human affairs, he is still the
same creature as when he first left the
hands of his Creator. - Then, as now, he was
always grasping after an attainable object, full of
ambitious & anticipations of the future, inclines of
origin, the present -- restless & despatched with
existing circumstances, & anxious at an ideal happiness
which can never be realized -- satisfied a life of
struggles to endure wars & aspirations, found at last upon
himself, & obliged to confess, the obstinacy obstinacy of ambition
himself, & obliged to confess, the obstinacy of ambition, & of redress, or personal
happiness.
Cicero, is only one among a crowd'd 9 great men, who
declares that it is in retirement & tranquility -- & when
defending on themselves alone, on the narrowness
of interest by their own minds -- upon the narrowness
of their own reasons, that they find that happiness
for which they have vainly sought amidst the true
models & excellences of public life -- He is continually
recourning to his beloved retirement at Tusculumum
& to his books as the only source of true enjoyment.
And what does this teach us? That happiness
does not depend on external circumstances
but on these internal dispositions, whether the person
is most obscure or most respected, in greater perfection
than the richest & most elevated. -- The circumstances
of life we cannot control -- but every man may ennoble his own mind -- passions &
affections -- And if man is miserable, it is his
own fault, -- That a boy, that the present
man, should have such great power -- Brandy condemned Clay!
From Letter XVII
I am no stranger to your noble candid disinterested
& your mind -- or that love differ in any respect, except
the love of life we have respectively chosen.
The love of power & glory prompted me to the
imminent of public offices; your views & an unchangeable
view it was leading to vast philosophical
restament. As to that solid glory, which is founded
in probity, in application & in the observance of duties
I prefer not myself, nor any man in the world
to you. With regard to affection towards me, after
that of my brother & family, I believe your
