of the hardships of domestic life. No man on earth respects
a virtuous woman more than I do, and the prospect of
retirement in England with my wife and child gives me an
idea of happiness I have never experienced before. Retirement
will be every thing to me for hereafter my life has
been like the dream in a storm."
— You have no conception of the macabre table
thoughts which come into my mind when the severe
attacks me. I fancy myself a Jew, a Mohammedan, and a
Christian of every profession of faith. Slavery and space are
left, no man's out on this subject, thank God, I am happy and
at ease. The thought of living eternally, if again ever, gives
me great pleasure. Christianity is the finest and most
liberal religion in the world, but the numerous teachers
who are indelible in my memory, and who are indelible in
their doctrines, are the greatest enemies of religion.
There read with more attention than half of them the
book of Christianity, and I admire the liberal and tenable
principles which Christ has laid down. These
are questions connected with this subject which none but
thoroughly God can solve. Time and space, who can comprehend
but God, on him rely.
June 1st
1849
Not was his service hard.
What will be left then to afford him praise
The event in common, I pray from Heaven
proves due! — yet will his good fortune do to me
encourage that in virtue.
And wrought but matter — every prejudice, & it is not always the
human soul needest at the superiority of another, & when unable
to earn to equality find a demon like pleasure in tyranny
and the inferiority we envy to us own level. Joy, this cannot
be an uncomfortable part of our fortune, not even one of its
worries, part of a therefore given by the past as a part of
our domestic nature. But any one closely examine the
feelings of under some from or other it acts as it is found
an unwillingness to furnish them, a continually showing
an apparent or self interest — in a story but unacknowledged
habitation in the appreciation of their own
continual & hostile force to move to equality of not inferiority
profoundest, turns this as well as Milton describes the
name and principle in his pleasant manner, as he first has
in his name & Godlike in the soul, refined from his base alloy,
who truly, enjoys in the prosperity & glory of another & finds its joy
in the joy of a fellow creature! & hardly human nor a creature
of itself, & despicable motivation to our heavenly doctrine!
When we envy the prosperity of others, we are sure we are
in joy with those who rejoice, when we doubt
the promise bestowed on another, & our confidence
falls on hands with a gate protection & self-complacency
is equal to what happiness can bestow. Even if
Religion did not command self-interest which alone
is the ground of the superiority of any of another over our own.
The effect of this benevolent dignity of the purpose
of man, is that of self preservation in the presence of
the divine, although the opposite purpose is the one
Empty, contemptuous that we are, then to think of
