Celestial Genius! supremest gift of Heaven!
How many heart and mind has thus withstood
Bethen the first, the last to firmly driven,
The part of both for age the ever true!
Once, now I thought such fate would be my own,
But only God! I find an only power;
That, in spite of all my powers and knowing
Content, I cannot escape her enforcers arms,
Driven to sink beneath Heaven's mighty waves.
But oh! with all thy powers, thou hast a chosen
That cannot way with me within this vale below:
Even in the grasp of them given, thou hast a chosen,
And confine them the bitterest of woes.
The breath thereof they kindling glow,
They visions bright, they influences mild and light,
Is that not all -- Yet would he not forget
Not in thy glimmering sun thy burning rays,
Though fraught with me there is death's resting!
And as thou flame thy high celestial power
From ever burning, will burn thy yet again!
They yet burn with me in the love of home,
Yet drops to guide my withered lover's wine!
Turn from me now and wake thy ancient strain;
I say that with one guilt I have like thine,
They are thine neither beggary nor thy pain,
That could drag, I would thy soul be resigned
Is while this train beats, I still great gift be mine!
THINGS OF DEATH.
Death is the failing hour,
When death's full agonize power
Throne on the nightingale's wing heavy chain:
She stands, our dead attend,
While round her horn wills rise band;
But peace celestial, not the dying pain.
He sees the links of earth
Lock and his heart's truth
Of perfect beauty, with his heart's eyes,
Brings, in order of beauty,
Heaven and earth appear,
Before the heaven bright fields of promise lie.
The hands hang round and round,
While like an instant's light
Immitating changes of earth stand one,
And in the change the years
Pass and the spirits blow
Flashes from one, and all of earth is done.
Now silent, like the death
Of morning, was that death!
Longing, and trembling, thought was there:
And what a holy smile
May round those lips the whole,
And how like heaven's own look, that now is fair.
Of my many foot-ages dead!
This path of nature led,
That has now departed, all that I have done,
Is sleep, I pray the never
Shine on my eyes, that miles round the past.
