Every day, comes to occur which causes determination to
mortify and put me down as they express it. Till this year, I
have been invited to the "seat of Shells," instituted to commemo-
rate the virtues and principles of our Forefathers, this
year I have been pointedly rejected; and one of the loudest
was aimed particularly at me. They have failed, however, of
their object in this respect; and I venture to predict that
they will give me a death blow for this festival.
Indeed there is the most palpable inconsistency between
the design of this festival and their conduct in respect to
the College. They are acting in important Genoys principles
and virtues, in which they profess to celebrate, and as they know that the
representatives of their countrymen are not State things in the face
of the national sentiment, they are making it necessary to represent to the Convention
and influence of the opposition and read the papers, and they are not having
maintained their position in the country they have with great address turned
to their purpose. Mr. Lowell has recollected and accepted a
call to settle at West Boston in place of Dr. Howard. Mr. L.
is my friend and respected orthodox, he wished to have
me of the Council, and I have reason to believe would have
been glad to have had me preach his Ordination sermon.
The candidate has a right, by custom, to name half the
Ordining Council. Yet through the influence of my posterity
Mr. L's urgent request was denied to his nomination,
and the Society, by their Committee, contrary to all
precedent undertook, not only to appoint the Council,
but to appoint Mr. Ware to give the charge and Mr. Brick-
minister to give the Right Hand to, their design in
all this was very apparent, to point at me, and compel
Mr. Lowell to be on their side. I fear he will not have
fortitude enough to resist the overwhelming torrent of
influence; though I have reason to believe his heart is
not with them. The Committee, under all these cir-
cumstances, have invited me to attend the Ordination
and dine with the Council, which I have, of course,
declined. I have detainted to you these particulars,
because they will serve to give you a correct
idea of my situation. When my health is tolerably good, I feel
as if I could bear all this, and more, and that I would not
gratify my officers so much as quit my station. When my health fails, and it has done for six months, or six weeks, I must resign
and I long to be gone. My desire is to be in my private station and in the
way of my duty. Indeed (because of Providence) I am, I will adhere to this
position until I have had time to answer the several parts of your
</
