Yale College N.H. Decr. 2. 1807.
Dear Parents
We have just received a letter from Mama dated Nov. 23d
in which I am informed that you have not yet received a letter from me since Papa left
here I have written no less than three previously as you directed me once
a fortnight, I think it is very strange that you never get any letters from
me. Edid? is now a witness that it is not because I don't write them,
I sent a letter & a small package of catalogues to you by Col. Humphreys
more than a month ago I don't know what has become of them.
Concerning my French studies, I have been to Mr. Bache 1 month
which makes up one full quarter, but have not time to attend to them
any longer for instead of having more leisure time this term, I have much less, who
ever entertained hopes of I shall have sufficient time to attend to such things
& if opportunity offers can render my studies with greater convenience,
for their growing leisure time is employed in writing compositions &
earning pieces to speak & many other things which make it very inconvenient
to attend to French. We have neither of us had our hair
cut since we left Yale here, but think we shall soon, ally hat has
not yet been new found I will carry it to the hatters shortly.
In future I shall keep an account of the letters I send to
you & note their dates in a book, for I cannot conceive when
letters can have gone, especially the one sent by Col. Humphreys
I have been very particular in writing to you in my turn & now
write you at the it is Edidts turn.
Mr. Murray of Boston the Universalist is in town &
preached on Monday & Tuesday evening I meant to have heard him
but had not time, Some of the students heard him & I talked with
them afterwards & asked them what arguments he brought in favor
of his doctrine, they said, that this was one, that Christ came into
the world to save sinners, & if these were not saved Christ's coming
into the world was not answered; I asked them how he got over this
happage in the Bible & how shall go away into everlasting punishment
but the righteous into life eternal; they answered that they would go
away into "everlasting punishment prepared for the devil & his angels"
