the count of 2000 prevent Badding only that we are
your & Mrs Lyman's affectionate friends
Monte
To Revd Joseph Lyman - Hatfield - Northampton P. Office.
Charlestown. Dec 2d 1805.
My dear Sir, I am indebted to you for two letters, the last rec'd
last evening of the 27th ult. My health has been very feeble for the
last fortnight or three weeks, or I should have written you. I am
now not well. After passing through a good deal of trouble &
difficulty with the printers paper maker, I have transferred the
printing to the Panoptist to Boston, & feel relieved of a considera-
ble portion of care. I expect the work will be more punctually prin-
ted & distributed than it has been. I feel the force of your remarks,
& we shall readily do what we consistently can to adapt it to the
taste of your common readers; but if we go too far that way,
we shall lose on the other hand & defeat our main object. The
work, so far as I learn is very well rec'd this way, & subscriptions
are increasing. The deficient number you mention were
sent 10 days or a fortnight ago, & I hope before this have
been rec'd. The dilatoriness of the paper maker & printer occasion-
ed the disappointment. I hope your society will take 200 & distribute
what are not taken by subscribers. I have sent 25 sets to Mr
Hyde. I hope the Berkshire society will find it convenient for
their interest to take 50. I find I shall lose about 820 by the ex-
change I made with you, owing to the difference of printing here
& with you; as I shall dispose of the books I receive of you at
38 cents bound, but I shall not get back. I will do what I can
to have them ready against you send for them. I believe South
on Education is not yet printed, nor Henry on Meekness. When
all are ready I will write you particularly. I expect a Resident
of the College will shortly be chosen, who it will be cannot be con-
jectured. All plans are kept profusely secret. We expect they mean to
complete the revolution put in Dr H - or Prof We are perhaps. Should
the Corporation elect such a man, will any of the Senators in your
country have the firmness publicly to oppose the sanction of the Bull
—
96237
