to their choice? Will you talk with some of them on the subject, &
Can we offer to be talked with? A word with your Governor would not
be amiss. If some gentlemen in the civil line would take up the
subject spiritedly, I am by no means certain that a successful
position might not be made. I refer all to you. It is a critic, wisdom
is profitable & necessary to direct. Mrs. M. has been confined a week
is now below stairs again for the first time. She joins in all
regards to Mrs L. yourself & children with, dear Sir,
Your truly J. More.
P.S. You will much oblige me by sending the balance due for the
first half year of the pamphlet, as the money is wanted to pay expen-
ses -- the balance is about 2680. 56 are rec'd from Mr. Phillips, -- we
have inserted a part of your excellent report. It was owing to unavoidable
circumstances that it was not before inserted. I shall mention
Mr. Phillips donation in the next number.
To Rev Dr Joseph Lyman --
Watfield, P. Office Northampton
Charlestown, Aug. 3d. 1805
Dear Sir, I have rec'd your favor of the 27th ult. regarding Mr.
Williams meant 100 No 1 + 100 No 2 -- 200 in all, -- if not here
is a mistake, & must be rectified. We shall send 25 to Mr. Hyde
at 9d to No Hampton, with liberty to take any further No. he may
want -- I calculate, (perhaps too languinely) that 300 will be disposed of in (around) Hampshire & Berkshire counties in the
course of the year, by your Society & Mr. Hyde. Subscribers daily increase
here, from various distant places, & the work has grown above reputation
we hope it will not decline. Those who have produced its present reputation will continue contributors. We have rec'd a valuable & numerous communication from the westward, & suspect from Mr. Hyde
but have not his hand. This acknowledged as rec'd from H. in
the 3d No. -- The 3d No. is just completed, -- & your 150 x Mr.
Hyde's 25 will be forwarded early next week. We print
2000 of this number. As soon as the 2 first numbers are printed we will send you 50 of each & Mr. Hyde 25 of each --
Subscribers may be informed of this, who have not rec'd their numbers. Mr. Hyde has rec'd for himself 1st 2nd Nos. so that 24 only
96238
