86
very close behind, she truly believed that if she
should die and Rachel and Edwin Tanner is
a child, she would not rent off from me
an account. I previously consented.
she also said her Walden had many times said
Rachel in most beautiful and kind in all
things, but -- she said me to understand
that his wander felt that was seriously
which Rachel lacked, in character.
to me this is nonsense -- absurd. that Rachel
could not act with Hartridge immediately
in words enough, to me, of her loyalty
and character.
7. also said that when Walden died &
Rachel came down to live on San Francisco,
Rachel told her she came down as much
for Walden's sake as for his. This, however,
did not seem to disturb Hartridge who
said she had always looked that would
work back in love with Rachel and
that she would accept him, but that
while Walden was a great friend of
Rachel he never was in love with her,
which I think again is nonsense. I
believe he was in love with her, I do
not see how he could have killed it.
87
we also said that when young Eugene Hall was ill
at St Pauls school with measles, Rachel called
us up and asked whether she ought to go on to take
part of him. She said many times she ought to have
it apparently a sensible case of measles she
felt she would merely lie in this way. Hartridge
did not say what advice the girl but said
Rachel did not go at once but that later Eugene
had scarlet fever and she went at once to
ーンend, where he died.
I can not understand her reason for these
victorious attacks. She seemed perfectly calm
and said she merely wished to give me an
insulting as to Hartridge's character. I believe
she is jealous and cunning that I admit
Rachel greatly she is determined to break
it up by slanderous lies.
Rachel has been a loyal friend to her and
Hartridge character is well known and
by such contumelious attacks. She has
many times told me that she considered
Rachel one of her dearest friends.
I called by a letter in the Deputies, the new
Johnnie Ambanada and stayed 1 hour
