to speak to him, being on bad terms with him. He consented then, I should give it
to Mr. Angell, his proof reader and ask him to give it to the boy. Angell, as soon as he
had the 50 cents piece between his fingers, put on hat and coat and went off. —
Ludwig, as he several times had done before, ordered me illiterate to copy some
account in his book, on a piece of paper, I did so.
9.) This evening I was told Ludwig and his former partner, Packmann, book binder,
a very double-faced man, by whom I was introduced to my present lodgment, had
gone to Albany. The deaf man, with whom I quarrelled before, went yesterday
away to Connecticut.
10.) I heard, this afternoon, several of the composers, in a low voice, talk
about Ludwig's offering money for false reports against me. "But," said one
voice, "it is a considerable risk," in I would not open my mouth, said old
Mr. Westall, but for a --, I did not understand the rest. — One of them,
the man who was present when the deaf man and Ludwig depreciated and
assured me that they always liked and esteemed me, — showed to me an eagle
and a sample in gold, and asked me, if I ever had seen such money. I replied,
"Yes," but I never had any of them in my possession. — Afterwards I met
these two men with a third one, Ogg, in the street; they invited me friends,
to accept a glass of beer of them. I did not like to offend them, and therefore
did not decline; but went immediately thereafter up to the eating-house,
of --, where I took tea, whence directly to the university. — Some of the
composers had (in the office) spoken the words: "He won't carry it on further
than till the 4th of July. — If they can get him once to the State prison,
he'll never get off."
11.) A few weeks past, an unavoidable snare was laid to me. My land-
lord, Heikhamm, told me, that a young woman, of a very good family (!!),
and arrived in his neighbourhood (in Germany) had arrived here, and was wait-
ing for her uncle, a farmer in Lyons, N.Y. She was entirely unacquainted
with the English language, and, for this reason, would stay in his, not in a
boarding house. They more than once invited me to take a walk with them,
but I always refused. At last, however, I said that my refusals provoked
them very much, so that I was in real danger of losing my little room; this
would have been an extremely disagreeable occupation even a fatal thing
to me; — consequently, I chose, among two evils, the smallest, and accom-
panied them once to the battery, and once to Hoboken.
One of these little matters might, in their connection with others,
gradually become important; thus, I dare to take the liberty of making
