I have acknowledged receipt of your letter of the 12th inst. and find it
to Professor Silliman and to Prof. Gale, to whom I am
indebted for several useful hints and
am indebted for your valuable and
substantial and effective
aid in many of my experiments. If any one has a claim to
be considered as a Bartholomew inventor it is Prof. Gale,
but he does not claim to be the kind.
I certainly have no disposition of complaint because
you never said business when I came to Boston to try the
experiments which we came together to try, but you
will see in a moment that I should have just reason to
complain if after repeated disappointments I should
have waited myself of a method of my own to carry out
effect my original invention you should prefer a claim
to partnership in it because we had never tried it together on an
experiment never tried.
But I need not reason this matter with you, my
dear Sir, I am sure I cannot present to you
the facts of the case to induce you to
reach a conclusion which I think would be satisfactory to you and which
is only necessary to present you with the statement of the facts in the case to induce
you at once to perceive the injustice you would do me by
preferring any claim to a partnership in my invention.
My object in writing you the last time was not only
to inform you of my success and the fact that I
effecting my object, but I was in hopes of your testimony to
the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the
same principles that I found it in the
state of ignorance in 1832. I doubt this testimony
of the judges of the Court of Appeals in the case of the
United States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your letter has
been received and I must to your honor and sense of justice
inform you that I have been in the hands of the
United States Commissioners of Patents for
the past two years and have been in their hands
for the past six months without a little delay
possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees
of the Sulky who have furnished me with full testimony
of the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the
same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 1832, I am the only one who
has not been represented in the Court of Appeals in the case of the United States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your letter has
been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you that I have been in the hands of the United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full testimony of the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 1832, I am the only one who has not been represented in the Court of Appeals in the case of the United States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your
letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you that I have been in the hands of the United States Commissioners of Patents for
the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of
the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full testimony of the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I
found it in the state of ignorance in 1832, I am the only one who has not been represented in the Court of Appeals in the case
of the United States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you that I have been in the hands of the United States Commissioners of Pat
ents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six months without a little delay possible.
It is
possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full testimony of the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the same
principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 1832, I am the only one who has not been represented in the Court of
Appeals in the case of the United States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your letter has been received and I must, to your honor and
sense of justice, inform you that I have been in the hands of the United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands
for the past six months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have
furnished me with full testimony of the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 1
832, I am the only one who has not been represented in the Court of Appeals in the case of the United States v. the Commissioners of
Patents in 1837. For your letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you that I have
been in the hands of the United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six months without a little delay
possible.
It is possible that of the other Patenttees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full testimony of the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in
the state of ignorance in 1832, I am the only one who has not been represented in the Court of Appeals in the case of the United
States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice,
inform you that I have been in the hands of the United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six
months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full
testimony of the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 1832, I am the only one who has not been represented in the Court of
Appeals in the case of the United States v.
the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you
that I have been in the hands of the United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six months without
a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full testimony of
the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 1832, I am
the only one who has not been represented in the Court of Appeals in the case of the United States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 183
7. For your letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you that I have been in the hands of the
United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full testimony of the fact that I invented it and
elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 1832, I am the only one who has not been
represented in the Court of Appeals in the case of the United States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your
letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you that I have been in the hands of the
United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full testimony of the fact that I
invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 1832, I am the only one who
has not been represented in the Court of Appeals in the case of the United States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 183
7. For your letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you that I have been in the
hands of the United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six
months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full testimony of the fact that I
invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 1832 I am the only one who has not been represented in the Court of
Appeals in the case of the United States v. the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your letter has been
received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you that I have been in the hands of the United States
Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me with full
testimony of the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 832, I am the only one who has not been represented in the Court of
Appeals in the case of the United States v.
the Commissioners of Patents in 1837. For your letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of
justice, inform you that I have been in the hands of the United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the
past six months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other Patentees of the Sulky who have furnished me
with full testimony of the fact that I invented it and elaborated it on the same principles that I found it in the state of ignorance in 183
2, I am the only one who has not been represented in the Court of Appeals in the case of the United States v. the Commissioners of Patents
in 1837. For your letter has been received and I must, to your honor and sense of justice, inform you that I have been in
the hands of the United States Commissioners of Patents for the past two years and have been in their hands for the past six months without a little delay possible.
It is possible that of the other
