4th The middle of the type, and rising only to the bottom line of the type,
making a slender channel in which to set those that are wanted
for immediate use. The rule at the bottom of the type is furnished
with cogs, and is worked for the purpose of being moved by a
pinion wheel.
Third; The Post-rule.
The Post-rule, is for the purpose of carrying the Rule when
prepared with its type, it consists of a small lever like the
lever to the key of a horse collar, but with a
shaping rule with its type at the intersection of single cogs.
The lever falls into a notch, and rises upon the
notch, and rises upon the type. The lever is a
portion of the circuit by affixing a portion of the conductor to it
with a point of the post-rule, and otherwise connected so that the circuit will close
at the end it always. The other end is at the end of
the lever which has the most motion, and is made to break or close
the circuit at the end of its motion. The point of the con-
ductor is connected by a turnbuckle to the post-rule, at
the other extremity of the circuit, or upon a plate of copper
silver or other metal attached to the said extremity.
2. The rule is made to pass with regularity as to space and time, beneath
the lever, by means of a pinion wheel fitting the cogs, which wheel
is made to revolve either by a crank moved by the hand, or by
other power in any of the usual methods.
3. The Rule is kept in its channel or way made for that purpose.
The Post-rule sends the intelligence.
Fourth; The Register.
The Register receives and records the intelligence, and is thus
constructed, 1st An Electro-magnet made in any of the usual modes
of forming it, such as winding insulated copper wire, or winding copper or tin
foil, or other metal, and in a form of circular form, has the two extremities of the coils connected
with the circuit or conductors, so that the coils around the magnet make
part of the circuit. The power of this magnet is applied, 2. To
a Lever or Pendulum by affixing to the lever or pendulum the Armature of
the magnet or short bar of iron, at such a distance that the Electro-magnet will readily
attract it, a small weight or spring keeps the armature from the magnet, when the
magnet is not in action.
