Washington, March 21, 1837.
My dear Sir
Your letter of the 25th of this was received from me, and your request was instantly complied with as you will perceive by the following letter from myself.
I regret exceedingly that the paper upon which your comment should have caused you any uneasiness, I have not who wrote it but presume it was Mr. Dunlap, and so far as this community is concerned I think you have laid the great stress on the mistake. In Boston indeed, you have reason without doubt from local causes to do so, it is stated, yet here neither the mistake nor its rectification is understood or accorded for except it may be among some few or ten individuals, all the rest of this great Commercial city are too much absorbed in business matters to think of the great orthodox professors, and especially at the moment when the money market is that for which is the phrase in every baby's mouth.
I have wanted to write you and imbue your heart with my esteem for you, since matters are at length settled at that place I should be only giving you pain without which is myself. To all human appearance I have been absent from Boston for 26 years, and the special mark of which I have aimed for 15 years, are forever removed from before me, and under circumstances peculiarly trying and humiliating I need not repeat to you what is best known to you than to any one else the struggles I have made under every disadvantage to keep myself present for a great work of a national character (in my judgment) to which I am pledged up by government to devote the rest of my ambition to make just such exertions and sacrifices as I have made. It is sufficient to say I had prepared myself for the work, my last 3 years in Europe more especially had reference to my preparations, and I stood ready to execute the commission of which I feel certain so soon as the four Preludes were to be painted. You know the first hint of my probable disappointment when the Commissioners selected artists to make sketches of the subjects, and I was not even included in the Jury. I wrote you at the time and you knew its effects on my mind. Hope however my record above I have stated the plan of the city was from us and that Mr. Boston and Mr. James the two chairman had both maintained an independent character in their plans. I am tantalizing delay succeeded from July of last year to the month of January of this year in the execution of my plans which I had formed in case of this appointment until the reason had passed, thus in effect robbing me of a year of my time. When the Board is decided I find myself shut out from the consideration of the city and the Government of the United States. I am now in the hands of the Commissioners and the Commissioners of the City of Boston. I am now in the hands of the Commissioners and the Commissioners of the City of Boston. I am now in the hands
