Dear Sir,
to answer your of the 5th inst. I have been compelled to delay from the
provision of an answer to your letter of the 5th inst. I have been compelled to delay from the
provision of an answer to your letter of this instant. I regret to find that your letter is written
under a total and complete misapprehension of the relation in which you have
placed me with the Academy. I returned to the act of incorporation and
to its Constitution and Laws of the Academy, which had already had a decided
effect upon me. I think you would probably have sent to me the questions you propose, you would
have received that By the act of incorporation, the Academicians are invested with all the power of the Academy, to elect or reject whom
they please, and for such reasons as they shall see fit, and are responsible to the State, which is to the State only. In the
exercise of this power, the Academy has chosen to create a body of Associates and
a body of Honorary Members, to whom this grant certain privileges, which
which privileges the Academicians, can increase or abolish, or they
even abolish both or either of these bodies, if they should deem it advisable to do so at any future time
a measure beneficial to the Academy. Among other privileges granted
and for the preservation of the Hon. alone to the Associates is that of being eligible into the body of Academicians.
There is no pledge either expressed or implied, that an Associate shall
be elected an Academician, but that he may be, and he alone can be
elected. When an Associate is elected his election is intended to be of
benefit to him as far as the Academy understands with its own interests can
make it so. If the privileges of being free to the Exhibitions are, and thereby
constituted a cloak from which alone the Academicians can be elected, in
which not of benefit, but on the contrary is prejudicial to his interests, there
is no compulsion used on the part of the Academy to oblige him to accept
or to retain for it at any moment longer than is perfectly agreeable to
him. You will perceive that your questions, why you have
been 25 years an associate while others have been elected Academicians,
several have been 9 and 10 years Associates, who have never sought on
that account to prejudice claim to be elected Academicians
98396
