2 through or beneath the water or through the air, and by means of
to pass through the circuit by means of galvanic battery of any
generator of electricity to make use of the visible signs of the presence of electricity in any
part of the said circuit to transmit to communicate any intelligence from one place to another.
To convey to the party to which the said visible signs of electricity, have invented the following apparatus, namely,
1. A system of signs by which numbers, and consequently words are signified.
2. A set of type adapted to the signs, with a rule for regulating the passage of electricity, which is called a Post rule movement.
3. An apparatus for regulating the passage of electricity, which is called a Post rule movement.
4. A Dictionary of words, numbers and adapted to this system of Telegraphs.
5. A Register which records the signs of the circuit, and is so constructed as to prevent them from injury.
6. A switch with this apparatus and with Modes of laying the conductors.
First The System of Signs. Single marks represent numbers, such as one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-four, forty-five, forty-six, forty-seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, sixty-nine, seventy, seventy-one, seventy-two, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-five, seventy-six, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, seventy-nine, eighty, eighty-one, eighty-two, eighty-three, eighty-four, eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven, eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety, ninety-one, ninety-two, ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine, one hundred, one hundred and one, one hundred and two, one hundred and three, one hundred and four, one hundred and five, one hundred and six, one hundred and seven, one hundred and eight, one hundred and nine, one hundred and one hundred, one hundred and one hundred and one, one hundred and one hundred and two, one hundred and one hundred and three, one hundred and one hundred and four
