116
Val. 40. California was worked out as between gold
scarcity was surely used them, while as Mexico
was secured in their place at with mission
new requirement from 5% (Not less 2000) to
40%. He also said he favored leaving away
the gold reserve behind the greenbacks and
have them currency as an immediate obligation of
the Govt. This is something coming from a deflator.
Let both Mexico and equally good money hold
the Govt. to keep the gold behind the
gold reserve - as Mexico wanted to do
during his term. (inaccurate).
All this is in need to bring an indispensable
value greenbacks currency!
I think neither is not cheering for Horace.
In C.C. Cropley, clerk to U.S. Dept. of called
at request of Justice Brandeis. He said
he was energizing deponents (not himself) in
Washington who - that the allowance was
moderate - at this time check with discount
each year & that he was willing 3%;
that J. Brandeis wanted to know if
this was reasonable or why he should
try to get a higher rate. Let that be
117
to him young who said he thought this, in the whole,
was a reasonable rate to pay, all this in might
get a little more from some banks, but he
could no reasonable man could expect
this return.
1. On 2 Nov. Paul. League gave a dinner at Women's Hum Club
in birthday of Luther. Delano assisted and Richard
Whitman sent grace. Prof. Todd won the challenge
and his check met of the 3 great liberals, Jefferson,
Lincoln and Lincoln. He pointed out that
Philadelphia failed as to interest of slavery, that
Lincoln was reelected in comp. election of 1862
following his election in 1860, and that Lincoln
traveled on to 2 Nov. N. at home and abroad.
He also criticized William Jennings Bryan.
Delano also called on me and I have a
short address which received great applause.
His letter went to him N.Y. celebrate and
his Robert Bulley and Bertha Bulley were
mine. They both congratulated me very
warmly and Bertha said - "In the name of
my sister and myself I thank you for
this wonderful tribute!"
afterwards, Bertha Bulley told Robert she
was glad her sister was not letter to him
