Mr. Charles S. Hamlin, Special Counsel,
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System,
Washington, D. C.
Dear Mr. Hamlin:
Thank you for your letter of February 13, 1937, in which you
suggest that a careful examination be made of the effect of so-called
easy money on the small merchants and shopkeepers throughout the
United States.
There is enclosed a copy of a memorandum to the Board on the re-
cent survey of rates of interest paid on deposits and charged on loans
by member banks. This shows interest rates most commonly reported by
member banks as charged on various kinds of loans. Separate figures
are shown for country member banks excluding those in non-reserve cities
of over 100,000 population. A textual discussion based upon this study
and other data appears on pages 295 to 298 of the April issue of the
Federal Reserve Bulletin.
As you know, the Board has not before obtained reports on rates of
interest charged on loans by member banks other than those located in
the larger centers. It is not possible, therefore, to determine accurate-
ly whether the average country banker has lowered his interest rates
materially. It is possible, however, to compute from condition reports
and statements of earnings and expenses average rates of interest on
loans by relating interest and discount on loans to total loans and dis-
counts. The table below shows these averages for all member banks from
1928 to 1936, inclusive. The table also shows corresponding average
rates computed by the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston covering approximate-
ly 200 New England member banks outside of the City of Boston.
Year
Ratio of interest and discount on loans to total
loans and discounts
All member
banks
Approximately 200 New England mem-
ber banks outside of Boston
1928
5.7%
5.8%
1929
6.1
6.2
VOLUME 268
PAGE 63
Ratio of interest and discount on loans to total
loans and discounts
Ratio of interest and discount on loans to total
loans and discounts
Ratio of interest and discount
on loans to total
