Mr. Hamlin - 2
The ratios given above show a distinct downward trend in the rates
of interest charged by member banks as a whole. The figures for country
member banks in the New England States also show a downward trend, although
not as pronounced as in the case of all member banks. Corresponding ratios
for country member banks in other districts have not been compiled. Be-
gunning in 1932, however, the annual reports of the Comptroller of the
Currency have shown earnings of country national banks separately. On the
basis of these figures and computed in the same manner as the ratios shown
above for all member banks, the average rate of interest and discount on loans
of country national banks was 5.3 percent for the year ended June 30, 1932,
and 5.3 percent also for the year ended June 30, 1936.
Prior to 1932 it is possible to compute similar ratios for country
national banks only in certain States. The attached table shows such rates
for country national banks for 23 States for each of the fiscal years ended
June 30, 1928, 1932 and 1936. This table shows lower average rates of interest
in 1936 than in 1928 except for Wyoming, Oklahoma and Nevada. For the 23 States
as a whole the average rate of interest fell from 6.2 percent for the year end-
ed June 30, 1928, to 5.6 percent for the year ended June 30, 1936. These ratios
are, of course, averages reflecting all types of loans and discounts on which
various rates of interest were probably obtained. Nevertheless, they seem to
show that a definitely lower rate structure prevails at country banks now that
a few years ago. It is interesting also to compare the figures for 1936 with
the rates of interest most frequently reported in the recent survey by country
member banks as charged on the largest volume of commercial and industrial loans.
These rates are given in the last column of the table. You will note that in
several instances the average rate of interest obtained for the fiscal year 1932
was lower than for 1936, materially so for Oklahoma and Nevada. This may be
due to a number of factors, one of which is perhaps the transfer of some of the
larger loans to banks in reserve centers for the purpose of obtaining lower
rates than the country banks are willing to quote. Another possible cause is
the fact that most country banks keep their books on a cash basis. Thus, certain
1932 figures may be abnormally low because loans and discounts at that time were
inflated by the inclusion of some loans on which interest was not being received
in whole or in part. Similarly, the 1936 figures may reflect the receipt of
more than a full year's interest on a certain portion of loans and discounts.
You are undoubtedly correct in your feeling that the smaller banks have
not reduced their interest rates on loans to local merchants in line with re-
ductions in rates charged to large corporations by banks in the financial cen-
ters, where the pressure of surplus funds has naturally had its greatest effect.
The recent survey as of October 1, 1936, indicates, in fact, that even in the
large cities the rates charged to the largest number of borrowers (which would
include the small shopkeepers) have not declined nearly to the level of rates
at which the large corporations can borrow. The fact that manufacturers and
other large businesses in money centers have been able to borrow at relatively
low rates of interest from banks in such centers has, however, enabled them to
extend credit to their customers on more liberal terms than would otherwise be
