full ceremony as a colonel of fife. I had scarce
brought her home, before I was obliged to marry her
mother; then I was prevailed upon to marry two of my
sisters; after that I married her aunt, then her cousin.
In short I am now married to a whole line of
of them. I do not understand matters, which I say
I am married to them all for they claim as much right
to every thing that is mine, as the person whom the world
calls my wife. They all live in their own houses,
every one in the same room as their command, except my
bed-chamber; they borrow money of me: and since I
have the whole family quartered upon me, what signification does it there take upon my name—my wife
here since, and there quartered round me?
I never sit down to table without the lamentable prospect of seeing as much victual consumed, as would
distend a horse. I have no money to spare, spending at my expense! And then there is such a variety of
provisions! for cousin Biddy likes one dish, my aunt
Hechel is fond of another; sister Melly cannot abide
this, and mother could not tolerate it, though I know
they are all of them uniform in liking the best of every
thing in season. Bridalts I could entertain a set of
jolly ropers at a less than I could in light of a
foot for the year. One of these drinks nothing but Lisbon— with another nothing goes down but Rhine and
Spain—a third swallows me an ocean of Bristol milk,
with which little remorse I have been drinking
my old friend the King of dry Mountain; while the
other thinks nothing helps digestion as well as Maestria. It was but last week, that my wife expressed a
desire of seeing some of her relatives in Florence, my
gentlemanly relations had a military language for it; but
with much ado I at last prevailed on them to compound
with me for a chest of Florence.
This is the instance that my house cannot be a very
small one, for I assure you there are as many beds in
it, as in a country inn. Yet I have scarce room enough
to turn myself about in it: for one apartment is taken
up with this relation, another by that and the most
distinct cousin must have more respect shown her than
to clip her up in a garter with the maid servants; so
that poor I have no more room in my own house than
a footman. Once, indeed, I was quite exhausted, and
left them off, and took a little box in the neighborhood of
town scarce big enough to hold my own family. But
since that time I have almost always found it difficult
and rather than not to under the same roof with their
relations, they consented to let me with their own
money in a way. At another time, thinking to clear
myself out of the house, I took my wife, my sister,
and mother, and sent them to her people in the country
for a month. But what would I do! there was no getting
her out the left behind, my wife had made up to them
the sum of fifty pounds, which I had given her for
particular employment during her absence. One was so
picky with nuts, another to preserve sweetmeats, another
to make money, and money with which they executed with
the greatest precision the great principles of their
party and waste more than they save, for the satisfaction of
eating things at home. At this my wife returned
to me, and all the rest of them, and the importation
of the new country fresh out of the country, who
never knew before were the least related to her; but
they have been so kind as to claim kindred with me by
blood.
You must know, that upon my marriage I was indis-
cernible enough to set up my character; and since my family
has increased so prodigiously, this has given them a pre-
tence to act like a great and ancient public personages.
This also furnished them with a pretext for running about to public divisions, where I am forced to
stand them all for, for they are so very fond of each other’s
company, that I am not by any means the only person
whom they have been so hard to get away from
whom they are so hard to get away from
whom they are so hard to get away from
whomever they are so hard to get away from
whomever they are so hard to get away from
