A certain and never failing cure for an habitual blood-
ing at the Nose.
Make a strong Tea of a very common weed or flower,
called Yarrow—take a wine glass full of it every hour,
the first day and every two hours in the day, so long as
it may be required. Two or three days use
of this remedy has never failed in a single instance to
have the desired effect.—UNIVERSAL.
Infantile Fever.
This disease sweeps from their sweeping parents vast
numbers of their rising actions every summer, and as ma-
ny children have been saved by the use of the following
simples, we are indebted to give it a place here.
Take one pint of salt, a pint of milk and one pint of
sharp vinegar—one eighth of this given every 6th hour
for 48 hours, mixed with sugar and water, will remove
the complaint. Or, take one pint of milk and one pint of
Or, equal parts of tea and molasses, and a pint of salt
and sugar—-and rum and molasses, given at the same
intervals, will prove both a preventative and cure.—
New York, paper.
The following article is worthy the consideration of
persons suffering under the disease of
CONSUMPTION.
Completely to restore the diseased, I will not pos-
sibly deny the following remedy is capable of doing;
but I will venture to affirm, that a temperate mode of
living, (avoiding spirits figures wholly) wearing the
flannel next the skin, and taking every morning a pint
of strong coffee, mixed with a pint of water, and ex-
pressed juice of green mohawm, the complaint will
naturally be relieved, but the individual shall procure in
himself a LEMENT OF DUTY beyond what his form
could possibly expect from it. For myself, it is a
witness of the beneficial effects of this agreeable and
though innocent, yet powerful application. Four weeks
use of the hourglass and mild relieved the pains of my
breast; gave me to breathe deep, long and free;
strengthened and harmonized my voice; and restored
me to a state of better health than I had enjoyed for
many years.
COOPER'S POINT, (N. J.) 20th August.
Respected Friend,
I perceive in the report of deaths in your paper, that
numbers have died of the CHOLERA MORBUS,
and many of my friends the last. Dr. John Redman, did near
fifty years' practice before he took up the profession, and
often succeeded when all others failed. Which was, to
take a little fresh lime juice, loaf sugar and spirits or
brandy (the latter being the third into which he
pointed the cooling water, take it in a glass as hot as
possible, after every spell of puking. He said the acid
of the lime curried the saline on the coat of the stu-
ment and made it pass out of the body, which caused
it to be discharged. However, I have practiced
it since the above time in my family, recommended it
to others, and have not known it to fail in any case. If
it relieves one person, it compensates for my troubles.
JOSEPH COOPER.
To Josiah Brown—Press.
From the Connoisseur.
The complaint of a gentleman who had to marry a whole
family.
If polygamy was allowed in this country, I am sure
I might maintain a seraglio of wives at less expense,
than I have brought upon myself by marrying one woman.
But I say, Alas! if I had only kept one
wife, like a polygamist, I would have divided myself
and multiplied herself into as many bodies as she possessed.
I must know I took a woman of small fortune, and
made her my own flesh and blood; but I never thought
that her relations would likewise furnish me with a
668
