Extracts from Tindley's Sermons
to Young Women.
May you who now hear me look with Parents
that even in these times and in this world, where all the
Christianity and filiality of their
lines are concentrated, discover a part for your
improvement and salvation in this thought
Don't go to for the brightest blessing. I know
you know that you are thankful for nothing
to make them unhappy; do all in your power
to give them delight. Oh, God but have
enough it is in your power to give them!
Perhaps you are the only
Daughter, perhaps the only child of your
mother, and her a Sister. All her care and
her Sentiments point to you. Of the tender-
ness of a much loved and much lamented love
and you are the sole remaining pledge. On
you she often gives her earnest willing eye,
with watchful attention she makes the pro-
gress of your rising Virtues, in every outward
feature she finely traces your Fathers
sense your Fathers' pretty. Something within her
cheftiers, you shall live to be the pride and comfort
of her age, as you are now her companion and friend.
Oh! for God, that big emotions swell her labouring
heart. But lest, by counting them in your Company,
she should expect you too much, she silently
withdraws to pour them forth in tears of repentance;
a repentance only augmented by the severity and
unmercifulness that mingled with it, while at the same
time it is a call and consolative prayer to
God to Heaven for your preservation and prosperity.
Is there a young woman that can think of
this vile indifference? Is there a young Woman
that can converse the discomption, suppose herself
the impious creature that could break a virtuous
mother's heart, and support the Thought?
Tender love! that gentle preservation of
principle, that powerful sustainer of the fervent
Spirit, that mighty improver of the modest
carriages of the human heart, which humbles the pride,
and tends the Station, which fills with lofty
conceptions, and animates with a gratitude
that nothing can conquer—that shall I say more?
— which converts the Savage into a Hero!
