Since I must make the term of human things,
And half our misery from our foolish Spring;
Since Life's best joys consist in peace & ease,
And few can save, or save, but all can please,
Let let the ingentle Spirit learn from hence
As well as mankind, this is a great offense.
Large bounties to bestow we wish in vain;
But all many than the guilt of giving pain
To those men kindred with those of flowing wealth,
With power to give them, or to earn with health
Our little bit of sin; but Theirs desires
Is all the gift of ministering to care.
The gentle offices of patient love,
Beyond all flattering, and all pure above,
The purest appearance of another's fault;
The trembling and distressed as soon as thought,
In their heaven bids the souls of life defend
And enrich its future when it made a friend.
1259
A kind & gentle temper
By Hannah More
Since I must make the term of human things,
And half our misery from our foolish Spring;
1
Since Life's best joys consist in peace & ease,
And few can save, or save but all can please,
Let let the ingentle Spirit learn from hence
As well as man kind, this is a great offense.
Large bounties to bestow we wish in vain;
but all many than the guilt of giving pain
To those men kindred with those of flowing wealth,
with power to give them, or to earn with health
our little bit of sin; but theirs desires
is all the gift of ministering to care.
The gentle offices of patient love,
Beyond all flattering, & all pure above,
The purest appearance of another's fault;
The trembling and distressed as soon as thought
In their heaven bids the souls of life defend
& enrich its future when it made a friend.
A solitary blessing few can find;
One joy with three we lose we interline;
And he whose voluptuous luxuries, savours
The obstrustion through which passes the friendless loves,
Smother not another's rugged path alone
But scatter, & throw to them his money.
Small slights, contempt, neglect, murmurs, with hate
Makes up, remember what they want in weight;
These are a thousand wise minutes as they
Corrupt our comforts, & destroy our peace.
What, most crimes are our worst from virtues!
Devil is nice but not to execute.
In our future lies some unknown coast
And day, here is a harbour, here a rock
The one will attain, the other thun.
And we do neither. Some chance gale transports
And bears us for ever some unfortunate sea.
Our efforts are all vain; at length we glide
To winds & waves, that lough at man's control.
