we begin to investigate. Next to the cruelty of Damnation, the absurdity of infidelity, struck me most,
and very soon it was rejected entirely. What truth is there then remaining? —
— — the Philistine spirit Francis de Sales, and
the Manual of Inspiration, became my favorite
sources of meditation. What constitutes spiritual
life? what sublime element for the innocence of a
present soul as audited to celestial elevations! Some
controversial writings of Besançon furnished me with
fresh food for my mind: favorable as they were to the
cause which they defended, they sometimes let me into
the secret of objections that might be made to it, and
set me on scrutinizing any articles of faith. That was
my first step; but it was infinitely remote from the
sophism, at which in a course of years I was destined
to arrive, after having been incessively sentimental, Cartesian,
Stoic, and Deist. What a route to terminate at last in
Patriotism, which has entailed me to a dungeon!
(p. 74)
On the silence of the closet of the apostle of Discourse,
I can agree with the atheist or the materialist, as to the im-
probability of certain questions; but when, in the country of
contemplating nature, my soul, full of emotion, comes
alight to the unifying principle that animates them, to
the almighty intellect that pervades them, to the guides
that makes the scene so delightful to my senses,
now when immense waters separate me from all I love, &
when all the evils of society fall upon us together, as
if to punish us for having desired its greatest blessings
I see beyond the limits of life the reward of our sacrifices
How? in what manner? — I cannot say; I only feel
that it might be so.
The atheist is not, in my eyes, an evil-minded man: I am
with him as well, may better than with the doctor,
for he reasons more, but he wants a certain sense that
I profess, and my mind does not perfectly harmonize
with his: he is memorized at the most enchanting spectacle,
and is deafing for a system of dogmatism, while I am offering
up my thanks and giving.
(p. 117)
1275
