(160)
The following lines were written by Lucretia Maria
Davidson of Hattling, N York -- who died at seventeen
To a Star
(Written in her fifteenth year)
Thou brightly glittering Star of even
Thou gem upon the brow of Heaven!
Oh! were this flattering Spirit free
Now quick turned from its grasp to thee!
Now calmly, blissfully, still then thine
Sit the pure Lamb in Victory's Throne,
Since the fair World which thon majest heart
Was never ransomed, never lost.
Thou bring'st pure as heaven's own sun
Thy hopes thunders as heaven's own son
Thy hopes thunders together threes
While hovering Angels touch the String
And Seraphs' Spins the shelling wing
Thou cloudsless Days & bulletless nights
Illumined by heaven's resplendent light,
Thy seasons years unnoticed roll,
And unassisted by the Soul.
Thou little sparkling Star of Even --
Thou gem upon an Azure heaven!
Now briefly well (and I fear to thee)
When this imprisoned Soul is free!
(Was)
Lucetia M. Davidson 1830 --
No 92
(161)
See page (118).
Description of the person I wrote of Christiana daughter
of the great Quakeress Dolphins -- from Whitebriars
Journal of the Embassy to Sweden in 1648.
As soon as he came within this Room, he pulled off his
hat, & then the Queen pull off her Capote, after the fashion
of men's Dame turn their steps forward upon the seat carpet;
this being covered, rising from her seat, caused Whitebriars
to know her to be the Queen, which otherwise had not been easy,
to be discerned, her habit being of plain grey Stuff, her petticoat
seared to the girdin, over that a jacket such as men wear,
of the same Stuff, reaching to her knees, on her left side tied
with crimson ribbon, the rest of the suit of her dress
was a ransomed, she wore the small of the order of Anna
renter, her cuffses stuffed in to make a long sleeve, her
black scarf about her neck, tied before with a black
ribbon, as delivered to prisoners sometimes women; her hair
braided & being loose upon her head, she wore a black velvet
Capote lined with velvet & turned up, after the fashion of the
English, which she used to pull off, & use when she desired
Her countenance was sprightly but somewhat pale;
she has much of Majesty in her demeanour, & the few persons
of the smaller size, yet her minime & carriage
were very noble.
The Queen was sending Lucetia Davidson & another woman
to America to procure grain & early Death
1244
1803
