Leaves the Soul beneath, born with strong propensities to
Pleasure, bred in its very lap, indulged from the begin-
ning in all his pursuits, early satisfied of unlimited power,
industriously accustomed to the most exquisite flattering,
fondly drunk with success and Glory, always carried by the
female sex with every art that beauty, wit or ambition
could employ -- this Womanish, yet yet carried at the age
of fifty, in full health, environed with all the splendor of a
most brilliant Court, rise in little the better Emperors
and Empresses, find in the Conversation of Madame de
Staunton's, a lady whose Origin was not high, whose fortunes
had been altogether lost, and who was now older than
herself by several years of years, fancy, in her conversation
such innocence, such simplicity, such ungritted charms of
intellect and intelligence, as induces him to think of every
engagement of a voluptuous kind, and to enter with her
into the most honourable of all Conversions, in which he
appears to have maintained his fidelity to the last. Madame
de Staunton's had from her youth improved herself by
reading, and the best Company; from her beauty and
tactful draw about her, in a Country where the beauty
of the Woman is much more regarded than in this.
Leaves are first attracted by the extraordinary spirit and
elegance of her letters; and then absolutely fixed by her
sentiments, her attention and her submission. There are
a dozen to her Soul, tormented by domestick, personal &
political Chagrigins. In them he obtained a relief from
that vexations and melancholy, which the pomp and
pleasures of the Court had served only to increase, while
they promised to prevent or cure them. We do not find,
that this illustrious Lady was fond of fashionable Diversions:
her Books and her Bank are the principal Amusements
of her Leisure.
Samuel D.
Enjoy your Faith in modest silence, and think
well of those who differ from you in Opinion, if they
agree in Morals, will hardly to despise the faultless,
while you discourage the impudence, of such as would
pretend to talk you out of your Religion. -- Be it your
Ambition to practise not dispute about it.
Samuel D.
Prince Continental is not more grateful to the
small, our morning Dress upon reflecting to the sight,
than Domestic Love is to the Soul.
Samuel D.
1200
