186 The Image of Truth (the Daughter of Time & the Mother of Virtue) is fitted to have
been discovered at the bottom of a fountain, clad in
a white robe, of symmetrical figure, & of a mild
modest disposition & attractive benevolence —
Truth! — of all the Divinities that Nature has
devoted to the Mind of Man, Science Relishing the
most beautiful as Truth. The power is as great as
her beauty. The noise of the singing all conspire to overwhelm her; Virtue restraining every artifice is employed by her
adventurous, respecting the cause of error, to effect a conquest over her; yet I know not how it is, she never fails
by her own native force to make her way into the human mind. Sometime the displays of Power immediately
terminate only after having been a long time developed in darkness. The achievements depend on mere opposition
& triumphs over every error by the most essential energy. The is as an Hebrew writer has justly expressed it,
"the strength, brightness, power & majesty of all ages."
* From the New York Herald
Subscription of October 26th
1851
181
The famous Galilei, who first used the Telescope
attempted at first to complete the Catalogue of the Stars;
but he was soon forced to renounce his Design, as observing more than 500 Stars in a very small space of the
Constellation Orion. Herschell has since accomplished the Clouds of which it is composed, which we call Nebulae or
heaps of Stars, which give a confused light to our Eye. He counts nearly 2000 Nebulae. The luminous, peculiar
& white band seen traversing the Heavens, & called the Milky Way, is also produced by an assemblage of
immenseable Stars. It is certain that it contains more than eight millions of them. It contains as
generally that more than 75 millions of visible Stars as seen thru the Instrument. Baron de Lachis estimates
their number as surpassing into thousands and millions. All these Stars are very unequally distributed thru
the Heavens, certain Parts of which appear to us almost deprived of them.
Mathemagique de Regnard Hts.
1254
