66
Female Friendship
To all the counsel that we ever have shared,
The sister now, the friend that we have spent,
When we have shut the hasty folded line.
To parting now, Oh and is all forgot?
At school days friendship childhood innocence!
Yet Kemina like two artificial gods,
Quelled with our medicine both one flower,
Both on one campan, both sitting on one cushion,
Both warbling of one song, both in one key;
Of our hands, our voices voices of minds
Had been incorporated. Oh we go together
She to a double charge, seeming parted
But yet an union in partition.
Two lovely barrier moulded on one atom,
So with two seeming doors cut one heart:
Two of the first, the courts of heredity,
Due but to one, crowded with one cruel,
And will you rend our ancient love asunder?
To join with men in seeming your professed?
Curse you, as well as I may curse you for it
Though I alone do feel the injury.
Robinson
(7)
I am from Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, and I was in the army.
I am from Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army.
I am from Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the Army.
I am from Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army.
I am from Paris, a few years ago, I was in
I am from Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the Army.
I am from Paris, a few years ago, I was in
I am from Paris, a
I am from Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in
I am from Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army.
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I
Paris, a few
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army.
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, and I was in the army.
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, and I was in the army.
Paris, a few years
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army,
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army,
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army and I was in the army.
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army and I was in the army.
Paris, a few years ago,
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army and
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army. I was in the army.
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army,
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army I was in the army.
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, the army, I was in the army.
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army the army.
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in
Paris, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army.
Paris, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army.
France, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in the army.
Paris, a few years ago, I was in the army, I was in the army, I was in
[Continue with the rest of the text]
1197
