198
be made, but he said he knew Elkins felt
deeply humiliated at not having been more
consulted nor taken into consideration of
the Burdett in this matter, and that probably
Elkins felt terribly about my conviction
with it and some time he believed he
would tell me so. He was somewhat
bitter about Meador continual misrepresenting
me in abstracts.
May 17. Lord.
Met all day pouring over Whiting on
Union resolution as to limit of legal rate
of interest on U. J. St. Cts. Call loans.
A memorandum had been furnished at
Hardings request by Jay, Carl, Kennil,
Alexander, McMurrah, rotten U. J. bankers
who formed bases of Hardings letter.
Gov H. used much air humor.
I criticized it as a white washing of
the U. J. St. Cts Cts. ; not a single criticism
of methods was made & the whole
question of call loan rates was left in
demand & subject, without a word
as to who "subsidy" was ever manufactured.
Now was any mention made of the bank
Must interior bearer, limited by light
199
call loan rates, sent money to U. J. to protest
at expense of Union commercial interests
at home ; now was any money suggested
except Union settlements.
I introduced an amendment calling
attention to action of certain bankers
& suggesting that if Const. of Union and
Subdivisions of State banks could at frequent
intervals make public all bank loans
in U. J. call loan market, the tendency
would so far to correct the situation.
Gov H. objected.
I pointed out that the only loans not
well working in connection w. Union
resolution were loans on U. J. St. Cts. Call
largely brokers loans to cover stocks
sold or bought on margin, &c. thereby
circulating thousands, whereas
the Hardwood District did not buy
Union unit & could not afford to subscribe
to ordinary bank call loans, which
was not the fact.
Gov H. & Milliken finally put on record expression
of the urgency to control loans by indiscriminate
bank loans, taken from many sources, but
could not agree to the tendency suggested.
I : received request to send a resolution
