192
recorded in every vote in Erie rates. Miller said
that responsible for both money rates
will have to render themselves; that if a
5 1/2% rate even made he would agree
that Money would have all the credit not
placed w. rates; he stated agreed that 4 3/4% to
rate in Certificates was wise. He added that if
the 5 1/2% rate had been adopted he would
have subscribed to $50 or $100,000, but now he
could buy Liberty bonds without.
Gov H agreed w. him.
I received a letter from Gen. Sherman saying
a correspondent said his Board subscribed
to 10 millions in Erie 4 1/2% in solemn
convent of heavy Mint the Erie rates
will not be maintained. I suggested that Gov H
take this risk w. heavy but in restety
ground saying do it yourself. I omitted
and that probably Gen Sherman subscribed
to a stock of one Bond to five of Money
in a telegram dated Jan 7, 1890 urging vigorous
efforts to place the War Certificates "not only to keep
money complete in its appreciation but also to
assist the Money System in bringing itself down the
money as an important factor in the Money
market."
The Telegraph also said: "Reports of yesterday
meetings shed not on Ladies as indicating
193
that a further advance in rates in brokers securities
by War Certificates is now in contemplation".
On Jan 23 the St L. rate was increased to 4 3/4% and
on Jan 24 to 5%.
I said I will leave the matter w. money as
Gov H suggested & will not mention this
telegram -- Gov H said don't mention it -- let
them handle their own counsel!
Gov H sat left. reluctantly had said that
after this the War will be in Houston not
to earn what rates we had in, & that he
was sick of this talk & was determined
to make our rates objective regardless
of money.
I showed to Gov H about the Sherman letter
and sent the letter to Gen. Houston.
Gov H told me that before Houston
announced the rate of 4 3/4% several
days ago the announcement was
shown to Gov H who acquiesced in
it, and that now to insert in a 5 1/2
rate as suggested by N. Y. a 5 1/2 now
possessed by Gov H not only would ruin
the call of the Certificates but was bad
business in Gov H's part.
Later Strauss told me he suspected that
Gov H had in some way told himself
that N. Y. was about to buy Certificates.
