wrote me that my course he could not write
after dinner, a dinner; that presumably the
President would be judged by Gregory who
had acted without knowing all the facts.
May 13
At 2pm. Gen. Robert Baden-Powell & Lady B.P. visited
us in connection with the Girl Scouts of which
Berth is the Comr in the District.
In winning part a dinner at which Sec. Powell,
acting Sec. Roosevelt it all went current.
May 14
13th
13th
13th
13th
Mr. Adolph Miller is on the Girl Scouts Commt
as Berth and very kindly offered to do anything
in her power to help during the week. He
Commt asked her to entertain at her house
Mr. Davis an American married to an Englishman
who was one of Gen. Roberts party and one
of the chief officials of the Girl Scouts.
This Am Mrs Miller called up Berth and said
that whilst of course she was very glad to
do anything she could to help the B.P.
party, yet that "Adolph" did not like having
strangers in her house, that it got on her nerves to
see Hamlin at meal said she would make
other arrangements; Mrs Miller said they
7
could of course take this Court for any one night
but then question of morale was so awkward-
what could she do with her word at lunche?
Berth said there were our official lunche.
And how about Wed. evening? B. said we
would have her at dinner. And how
about Thursday lunch? B. said that could
be at Mt Vernon. And how about dinner?
B. said we would have her at dinner.
She then went on again about Adolph and
how nervous straight visitors made him.
Finally B. managed to cut her off and Mrs
Berth left her Court as her guest.
Her about sounds exaggerated but it is not.
The Millers are "climbers" of the most
offensive light and Adolph is a very
plain German boy!
I told Williams of this in confidence and he
was convinced: he insisted that I ought to
let Sec Hamlin & let him prove what a
politic hubbub should create in Adolph's
head.
May 14.
Lunched waiting Sec. Polk to meet Barn Dots of Jackson
at Gen. Palmer's was there and I spoke of the
night of Belt at Charles Warren's removal. He
talked very frankly, said he would like
to have him back, that he should never
