166
in many I wrote in note to Lanning: I worried at
very carefully nearly saying I was feeling
very sorry that he was leaving us; that I
intended to call this afternoon but was prevented
by an engagement; that I wished he would
let me know when I could call and have
a good late write him.
Monday June 16
Martin Elyson called & said he was sorry
to bring my name to the attention of
the President for Lee of State; that I was
ideally fitted for such a position. I told
him I still not left with a bundle but letters
or any other position; that I was happy
in my present position & that we had a
trouble job before us.
In afternoon I called on Mr Lanning and
saw his Foster & his Lanning. He sent words
to Mr. L. & later went out & came in with
him.
I told him how sorry I was at this
debarment. He, officially has Lanning,
were very bitter against Lanning. See he
said no one old associate this position
he had been through. He said this difference
of opinion did not trouble him at all.
167
nor would he have minded if the President
in any decent way had asked for his
resignation; that he could have resigned in
Paris but felt it might injure the
party; that he was only waiting to
make sure returning but felt that it
could not be fair to do so while the
President was ill.
He said the President was in such condition
that he was utterly unable to attend
to public business; that he had repeatedly
sent him memoranda reduced to the
simpliest form which, any one old understand;
that frequently no answer could be made, that
sometime answer would be communicated
that he believed so embarrassed that no one
could interpret him; that he believed was
entirely and entirely invisible, all this
he did not get this morning in this
personal contact as he had not been
permitted to see him.
He said something about bringing obloquy
& I thought he referred to himself and
I said very good have kind words for
you. He said he referred to Lanning.
He said Paynes nomination was not
not bit to be made, that he would
