32
out of order so he did not get in touch with the
Debt, -- yet he felt that he had general
authority to make this statement; that
the modification of the treaty as to Missouri
district could a "joke" -- the reference to
other refractory understandings -- which completely
hoodwinked the President; that Jackson himself
+ any. had entered into a secret alliance
as to Eastern policy, + that when the treaty
was ratified this could be sprung on the
President as settled by the treaty; that the
President had heard the words carried over
his eyes etc etc.
Sec. Lane told me he felt he ought to
tell the President + I said he certainly
ought. Sec. L. looked Jackson -- said this
was a highway robbery etc but I thought
he ought to tell him what he said.
Wednesday July 25
Called with Lanning + told him of about; he was
very much distressed + afraid not to send
him a memorandum -- I said that as I was
a guest at the dinner + did not want
my name dragged in; he said you need
not refer it but send it; I accordingly
handed a letter + sent it to him at once.
33
Wednesday July 30
Called with Sec Lanning to say that Disraeli,
Chief of off. O. D. Jackson, Cunloney was to dine
with this evening + must while I should
not mention Jackson, would get if he should
to me I should desire to know how much
or how little to say. He said the President
reluct in the presence of Jackson in Paris
+ firmly believed Jackson could make an
announcement -- as to the renunciation
of Shantung & keep his faith.
He also said there were no hints in
Mellards changes in Mason or at Army
+ Navy Club. I inquired what he said
about the pledge of our Armistice + he
answered, I thought rather warmly.
He said something about it not being
important but that attitude of France
+ England was very important and
concluded with that of U.S.
I talked with Genl. D. Reinboth. made some
promiss & that Sunday I know it!
Disraeli would go with Sec. Houston
+ later we played cow boy pool. D.
said nothing about Jackson, matters but
he seemed perplexed and worried.
