8
comfortable with him to advise him, that
he had his mind of him which alone puts
usoston. I told him how the War Board
wanted him as Genl. Counsel. He said he
would be glad to ask him to come back
with it not that it would seem desirable
to Congress; that in Congress Warren had
been wrong in his attitude etc. I told him
I agreed w. him absolutely but Congress
the Territory - decimation - had been too
much. He agreed w. me absolutely & said
if it had bothered nobody him he
could have settled the matter in some less
sweet way. I told him about my letter
w. Keyserg's reply. He said he would like to
read it I would send him my letter and
Keyserg's reply. He said he would like very
much to see him. He asked if the President
knew all about the matter & if so sent him
did not know but my feeling was that
he did not know all about it but he was
only in a general way.
I told him about Louisville water & said
politically the Department would
help Louisville only in Mass. His second
to influence him very strongly.
9
May 19. Monday
see. Yates sent for me; spoke about resignation of
Col. Lindley of war Risk Commission Board; said
Cates also had resigned & as I originally recom-
mended him to Secy, suggested that I talk
with him & find out his position.
Sent on Cates & talked w. him 1 PM. He said he
absolutely sided w. Lindley, that he was
a big man, but had been continually
thwarted by Cowan & Ass. Col. Stewart, not
so much in big matters but in committees
small matters such as appointments etc.
I reminded him of letter in Glass letter
that all but 3 had been passed; Cates said
he old had a list of hundreds who had been
held up on various, limit. Said also many
attitudes made on political reasons; cited
case of Eng. Vaillatte of Miles, who had been
suffledted by Stewart to go to Italy to look
up records as to families of Italians in
U.S. army; said Lindley told Stewart
matter had been adjusted w. Italy
but & no need of sending any one; that
Stewart insisted & therefore Lindley
recommended Vaillatte at $200 per annum;
that Stewart arbitrarily increased it
to $7500.
also said Stewart gave a letter to Col.
