160
what his vacation was. He said it meant
that Wilson would soon be on deck again in
full activity. I said it looked to me rather
like a wreck at having had meetings. Dr
Miller at once said -- that is cabinet and
you see Lanning will resign. He had just
been talking w. Houston in his office & he
must have told him information about him.
Then was the first I had heard of this
state, Harding came into my office &
said -- "Lanning is to resign & Polk is in a very
difficult man & in case he be relieved, -- if you could
give a cabinet position why don't you ask
your friend to present your name to the
President? I know of no better man than
you to be Secy of State and your wife is
ideally equipped for the duties. Your immense
experience in diplomatic matters and your
wonderful honesty and harmonizing
dispositions is what this country needs
at this time."
So I said, -- "I am not at all sure that
I would want or be willing to leave
the M Board -- we have a terrible task
before us to restore normal financial and
banking conditions -- we should be constantly
attacked both by inflations and anti-
161
inflations -- it has seemed to me a very difficult
task and I want to see the thing through."
"However," I said, "if I were asked to accept
this position I should feel it a duty to
withdraw, but I should not leave me a
fragile to secure an endorsement." I then
said -- can I say something to you in
absolute, sacred confidence?" He said Yes.
I then told him that I could not
move in this matter in view of what
had happened as to the selection of the Treasury
and latest him briefly of Eliot's late
writer out. I did not criticize either
Eliot or the President, but simply said in
view of this I still not feel warranted
in taking the first step along the
line as suggested. He told me he believed
he had told him that he understood it
had been offered to me.
Several Cummings this room called me up
and said he had been talking with
Berlie & hoping to induce her to devote
an advisory clerical women's work but
she had refused him to rule, and he
begged me to grant my consent.
I explained to him that I could
