Wilson, Woodrow
John Barton Payne eulogizes, at Carnegie dinner to visiting
foreign editors.
Nov. 22, 1928, 84
C.S.H. told Charles Warren he was not satisfied with Col. House's
explanation of his break with Wilson and that he knows
there were other facts not mentioned by Col. House.
Nov. 24, 1928, 90
Charles Warren says it is generally believed in New York that
Mrs. Wilson disliked Col. House and caused the break
between him and Mr. Wilson.
Nov. 24, 1928, 90
Charles Warren said Bishop Atwood told him that Col. House wired
Mrs. Wilson to learn if it would be agreeable to her to
have him come down to the funeral of Mr. Wilson and that he -
Bishop Atwood - had seen a telegram signed either by
Bolling or Mrs. Wilson, saying it would not be agreeable.
Nov. 24, 1928, 90, 91
Charles R. Crane told Mrs. Bruce that he had first introduced
Hoover to Wilson and asked for his appointment as Food
Administrator.
Dec. 19, 1928, 111
Prof. Dodd, addressing the Non-partisan League at the Woman's
National Democratic Club, spoke of Jefferson, Lincoln and
Wilson as the three great Liberals, and pointed out their
apparent failures as really laying a foundation for the
great good of the country. He said Jefferson failed as to
repeal of slavery; that Lincoln was overwhelmingly
repudiated in the Congressional elections of 1860; that
Wilson failed at Paris and appointed a weak commission.
After showing how Jefferson and Lincoln really triumphed,
from lack of time, he failed to show Wilson's real triumph,
leaving the matter with the failure at Paris.
Delano called on C.S.H. to speak and he began where Prof. Dodd
left off and showed that Wilson's work at Paris laid the
foundation for the peace of the world and left him as easily
one of the greatest Presidents the U.S. has ever had; that
the anti-war treaty owed its inspiration to Wilson's work
at Paris.
Bertha Bolling thanked C.S.H. in the name of her sister, Mrs. Wilson
and herself. She told Bertie she was glad her sister was
not there to hear Prof. Dodd, Dodd say that Wilson failed at Paris.
Dec. 26, 1928, 117, 118.
