172.
Myer, Gertrude (Cont'd.)
Gertrude said all the above with perfect calmness, and explained
that she merely wished to give C.S.H. an inkling as to
Rachel's real character.
C.S.H. believes Gertrude feels that he admires Rachel greatly and
is furiously jealous and is trying to break our friendship by
slanderizing Rachel.
C.S.H. is disgusted and moved at such attacks, for one who has
always told C.S.H. she considered Rachel one of her dearest
friends!
Nov. 23, 1928, 87
C.S.H. has a talk about Gertrude with Rachel, while calling there,
Ellen Leonard was also there.
Rachel said she had had Gertrude to Thanksgiving dinner many years,
but that she did not invite her this year until quite late,
as she was uncertain whether she would feel able to have
any one, even her own sister; that finally she asked Gertrude
but found she had invited Major and Ellen Leonard. Rachel
fears she will be on Gertrude's black list.
Dec. 1, 1928, 94
Rachel said Gertrude called her up the day after Thanksgiving,
while she (Rachel) was in bed, and said her Thanksgiving
dinner was cold and a failure through the fault of the cook,
who had once been Rachel's cook; that Gertrude almost wept
over the telephone and asked Rachel why she did not tell her
about the faults of the cook before she engaged her. Rachel
said her patience was nearly exhausted.
Dec. 1, 1928, 94
C.S.H. dines with Gertrude and spoke casually of her Thanksgiving
dinner, fully expecting she would pour out her rage against
Rachel, but, to her surprise, she was as sweet as honey and
explained why Rachel had not invited her on Thanksgiving,
and talked of Rachel as her dearest friend.
Dec. 2, 1928, 94, 95
C.S.H. writes Rachel telling her how sweet Gertrude was to her.
Dec. 3, 1928, 95
Rachel called up C.S.H. at 7 p.m. and said, "Charlie, I fear I have
told a lie!" She then explained that Gertrude had just had
tea with her and had talked with her as to a fee to Dr. Ruffin
for acting as her executor; that she told Gertrude she would
give him at least $500; that Gertrude said, - "that is exactly
what Charlie advised, - have you been talking with him about it?"
