(.H.R.A.)
1928. 97
Dr. Butler said Hoover told a friend of his that he would tell
those damned Wall St. bankers where to get off.
Dec. 6, 1928, 97
C.S.H. lunches at, with directors of F.R. bank, Boston and drives
in an old stage coach driven by Philip Allen, a director.
Oct. 24, 1928, 61
Gov. Young first learned of Gov. Harrison's appointment from
Warburg, at lunch in N.Y.
Nov. 24, 1928, 89
Delano said he had talked with Warburg and others in N.Y. about
Miller as possible Secretary of the Treasury, and it was
the consensus of opinion that Hoover would not be such a
fool as to appoint him; that he was not fitted for such a
place.
Dec. 9, 1928, 99
Miller suggested that Warburg be asked to come before Board and
discuss a suggested regulation making acceptance rates subject
to Board's approval in same manner as discount rates.
Jan. 4, 1929, 122
Warburg was with Board from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
He said that Board should not pass such a regulation; that fixing
maximum and minimum rates was sufficient; that he approved
increase in acceptance rates by F.R. Bank, N.Y.; that higher
rates made acceptances more attractive to purchasers and
that while foreign central banks might get most of the benefit
in buying them -- because of income tax exemption, -- such higher
rates would undoubtedly tend to broaden the market for domestic
banks, corporations, etc.; that the higher rates might necessitate
higher discount rates which latter he approved; that he agreed
with Gov. Young that the proceeds of acceptances seeped into
stock market more slowly than proceeds from purchase of Govt.
securities; that we should continue to use steady pressure by
increase of acceptance rates and discount rates; that the cost
of acceptances today, adding commissions, was greater than
cost of discounts; that it was ridiculous to have acceptance
rates higher than discount rates as they were superior paper;
that we should curb speculation on stock exchange by increasing
discount rates; that he favored a discriminatory rate against
member bank collateral notes secured by 3dvt. bonds.
Jan. 5, 1929, 124, 125
