189.
Open Market Investment Committee (Cont'd.)
Gov. Young said Norman said he should cease protecting British
exchange and should allow gold to go to the U.S.
The Board all agreed to let this gold come without offsetting.
Gov. Young said the banks would use it to take down their
rediscounts, but James claimed that so long as call loan
rates were higher than discount rates, the banks would loan
the gold on call. Gov. Young denied this and said the banks
would not be influenced by profits, and said that some N.Y.
banks had sold bonds at a loss, thus reducing the amounts they
would have had to rediscounts.
James said the N.Y. bank was being well managed by its directors
and he was satisfied the credit demand of 200 or 300 millions
for crop moving would be met.
Sept. 7, 1928. 24
Gov. Harding told C.S.H. in Boston that no more Govt. securities
should be bought to ease up the credit situation, but that
acceptance rates should be lowered and acceptances should be
bought; that the proceeds of acceptances filtered into the market
more slowly than proceeds of purchase of Govt. securities.
Sept. 17, 1928. 27
Alexander said that if the corporations should suddenly withdraw
say 500 millions from call loan market there would have to be
a liquidation as the banks would not take over these loans.
Gov. Young said this might bring on a panic.
Alexander later qualified this statement and said the banks would
help as far as they could but that the F.R. System must do its
part.
Sept. 28, 1928. 34, 35
The Federal Advisory Council suggested making all banks members
of the open market committee but with an executive committee
having full powers. Gov. Young favored this.
Miller objected to giving executive committee any power to act.
Sept. 28, 1928. 35, 36
C.S.H., last week, sent copies of his memorandum on effect of
open market purchases during the period of the 3 1/2 rate, -
from Aug. 4, 1927 to Feb. 3, 1928, to all Board members,
the Federal Advisory Council, Sec. Mellon Mills, all Govs. and
Chairman, Burgess, Harrison, Moyes, Roberts, etc.
Sec. Mellon wrote C.S.H. saying I had proved my case and that
he should keep the memorandum for future use.
Oct. 6, 1928. 44
