38
Wednesday Nov 18
Lunched at 11:30, club. sat next to a table
entirely Lanning & Buehr. lun. after Lanning
went out long sat with me and said he had
just explained to Lanning that he could not
find time to write him up. He told me frankly
there were many things he could not agree
with Lanning on in the state debt.
I cautiously referred to Schuie and long
at meal said I bear his doc not lend me
and went on to explain about objection to
the abstention of a job. div. agent to go to China
in 1919. He said Johnson had loaned long
service to China & the state debt belief it
wrong to send a Johnson, and he called
our amb. in Idaho to object; that Lanning
came in and expressed deep regret at this
protest as Lanning had told him he had
no objection; that he then called Schuie's
attorney to a talk; in this subject a year
back, and showed Schuie his notes showing
he objected to a job. div. advisory; that
Schuie remembered this respectfully and said
that a week later he had talked with
Lanning who agreed to the abstention;
that later Schuie showed him his debaters
to his own ballot on longs topic with him
39
and long said Schuie reproached him both
correctly in his desk ballot; that Schuie then
read him & showed him his desk ballot
to his ballot balloting him both with
Lanning, stating that Lanning had
agreed to his abstention; that Lanning
was then abroad (1919); that he looked
up Lanning during his absence and metting
attested in the alleged date of his
letter to Schuie; Lanning said he had no recollection of any
such talk, but that any way circumstances
had now radically changed.
Long said this latter claim troubled
him & still believes he thought Lanning
must have said what Schuie alleged.
Long also said that Wilson was in
error in stating that he had been
of the secret trustee abroad in 1919;
that he knew that Balfour told
Wilson of time in May 1919 at a
secret conference at the Colgate Hotel;
that he did not know whether Balfour
had Lanning a vote.
Still with Long Lanning had told him
he did know of himself and that he had
