9
Dear Sirs (R. H. Light, Batt. 44)
Washington, July 2, 1844
I have just got up letter of the 18th in which I
suppose is thrown in your address myself by telegraph. It
was put by the Conductor into the mail car. I do
want to the Post Office, when I have put found it, he
has no right to let letters go down. I therefore give you an
answer on Tuesday morning, probably not till the latter,
as I have my hands full, in many matters for myself
and friends to get away. I will be about the word
and you speak of, if I am, and I may not be able to get
them. As to preparation of a pamphlet, I think well
of it, but it ought to be well done, & requires more
labor for that purpose. Have I have to spend it, it will
do no harm to let people read articles. The interest is
not likely to decrease
Schattner, Secretary of War
Washington, June 30, 1844
Dear Sirs
I shall indeed be on you tomorrow evening, &
can be but at few hours in Baltimore as matters here
depend on my presence. I cannot another carrier of
Silvio's clerk which you may get the President to
prosecute with much the same as I have done concerning Wilto
you, which will be profitable. The pamphlet of which
you speak needs a great deal of care in the preparation
& might be a joint Committee of Yours mine. Since we
often have the materials & documents for its comple-
tation. Have you got up materials for such a work
Copy of letter from Washington to Schattner, July 2, 1844.
That I am yet held by the Logbook and Correspondence, and hope to
be able to be in Baltimore before the end of the week.
I am anxiously awaiting instructions from the Dept. on the complexion of
which it is of importance. It will be safe to doubt her, within their shell
I can draw out any more of the appropriation, and I have had to send a
thirty remonstrances against such a construction of the law, an amendment
agreed to which I shall be successful. When I arrive to you to purchase
the copies for Dr. Page, Secrets in haste, and must now leave the
difference for that purpose to fifty dollars.
1844-53-2
