Memoranda of an agreement among the proprietors of Mosse's
Elite Magnetic Telegraph in
1st. If Congress shall pass a law for the construction of the
Telegraph by contract, the undesignated Prof S.F.B. Morse
shall be designated as Superintendent, with power to appoint assistants, subject to the approval of the Post
Master General - and to be paid by Government.
2d. Mr. Vail is to be appointed one of the assistants.
3d. Mr. Gale is to be appointed one of the assistants
if he desires to be so appointed.
4th. Between Stand Mosse, sale, a Gule is to incur
any responsibility, or be exposed to any risk or
service in the execution of the contract with
the government -
5th. Stand Mosse is to make, and assume all
the risks, responsibilities and services necessary to the execution of the contract with the
government - with all sub-contacts for
materials, and other essentials -
6th. Stand Mosse shall be allowed, instead of salary, or appointment, ten
thousand dollars for cost of the construction of the
contract, in the improvement of the contract, for the execution of the contract, for the acceptance of the Government - and his necessary personal expenses, on the road while in
the service of the proprietors -
7th. All profits beyond the compensation to
provide for said Knittle, one and above
of tenderness, arising out of the contract, price paid by the Government, shall
be divided among the proprietors in
the proportion of their ownership in
the Telegraph - that is to say - One half
of the whole amount to said Mosse - one quarter to said Knittle, and the
remainder to the proprietors in proportion to their ownership in the Telegraph -
8th. The original encouragement of improvements, about
harbours, and other improvements, shall be
given to the proprietors of the Telegraph -
9th. The proprietors of the Telegraph shall have the exclusive right of
using the Telegraph for their own purposes, and shall not permit
any other person to use it for any purpose without their consent -
10th. The proprietors of the Telegraph shall have the exclusive right of
using the Telegraph for their own purposes, and shall
not permit
