27th
Washington May 27th 1844
Sir,
I have the honor to request from the Dept.
advice, in respect to my duty as Sup't of the U.S.
Telegraphs, touching the claim of Levi Bartlett for
damages alleged to be sustained by him under his Contract
with the Govt for trenching.
Mr. F. O. J. Smith the Assignee of the Contract
in question particulars strongly insists that I as Superintendent
now the power to refer to the judgment and arbitration of any Disinterested men
have it in my power to settle this claim, and that
refrain from application to the Department it would be
injustice.
I enclose a copy of questions which I have
hardly omitted to ask Mr. Smith for his opinion, and
which gives in his own words the matter received from the Department I cannot find that
I have any power of this kind, Virginia Smith . In the letter of the Dept. under date of 29th Dec.
1843. The Bartlett "Contract is declared to be vitally at
an end," and I am directed "to advertise for offers to make
the trenching required," and "to open negotiations with
Mr. Bartlett for adjusting the amount of damages he has sustained."
"By reference to the letter of the Department
of Janr. 9. 1844, the course pursued by me for ascertaining
this claim has been as follows: I had the claim submitted by Mr. Smith, and
who chose to make his own representations to the Dept."
I am instructed in the same letter in these words, "You
must expressly understand to Congress." -- In compliance
with these instructions I have endeavored to ascertain the
amount of damages, and the result is in the Report I had the
honor to transmit Feb. 23. 1844 -- Mr.
Smith laid his claim before Congress, and it is undergoing
investigation by the Com't of Claims of the Senate.
I respectfully request, therefore, to know if
you understand that you are only instructed to
inquire into and ascertain the amount of damages which may
have been sustained by the parties referred to, and as not authorized to
make any statement for the parties, as in demarcation for location of any trench
or on the part of the Govt a line can only be made by Congress
and
