remains due to said Smith , and said Rail and
has assigned, in the proportion of their re-
spective titles to or ownership in the Telegraph,
to be appointed and hold one as soon as
the same shall be due from the Government
8th. Duplicate vouchers shall be kept by
and in the hands of all expenditures made by him,
(except personal expenses) and the execution of the
contract with the Government - as the basis of an
adjudication and division of profits -
9th. In case of any disagreement arising
between said proprietors upon any subject matter
involved by these memoranda of agreement, it
shall be definitively and unconditionally settled
by the decision of three disinterested parties, one
to be selected by said Smith , one by said Smith
and one by the proprietors of the remaining one
quarter of the Telegraph. Between a majority
of such three persons shall come in a division
and this mode of adjudication shall be resorted to in
the matter as often as occasion shall require.
10th - Whenever more assistants shall be
needed than said Rail and Gala, said Smith
shall prefer in the appointment of additional
assistant, such as shall be recommended by
the proprietors, socially, of suitable qualifications,
in the proportion of their ownership in the Telegraph,
respectively - so as to accord to each
proprietor an equal benefit, and in the ratio
of his ownership, in the management and conducting
of the Telegraph - subject to all cures
to the approval by the Post Master General
or other law may direct.
2d. In duplicate copies, this 20th day of
June, A.D. 1844.
Samuel Smith
Samuel Smith
Samuel Smith
Samuel Smith
By means of the Government of the United States
for the purpose of establishing a telegraph line between
the United States and Canada, which line is to be
constructed from the Atlantic Ocean at the
mouth of the St. Lawrence River, through
the United States and Canada, to the Pacific
Ocean at the Strait of Annapolis, and thence
across the Pacific Ocean to the United States.
The Government of the United States will
provide for the construction of the telegraph
line, and for the erection of the necessary
stations, and for the employment of the
personnel required for the construction of
the line, and for the erection of the stations,
and for the employment of the personnel
required for the construction of the line,
and for the erection of the stations, and for
