THE VEGETABLE KINGDOM;
HAND BOOK OF PLANTS;
BY L. D. CHAPIN.
JUST PUBLISHED BY JEROME LOTT, BOOKSELLER, No. 156 FULTON STREET, NEW YORK.
ILLUSTRATED WITH 140 ENGRAVINGS A COFFEE GLASSY, ETC.
This comprehensive and valuable work embraces, besides other subjects of useful and entertaining knowledge, treated in the same condensed and popular manner, and interesting alike to all readers; Vegetable Physiology, Botany, Organic Chemistry, Agricultural Chemistry; the Geography, Substance, Acids, Oils, Sugar, State of Water, Earths, Alkalies, Metals; the Germination, Circulation, Secretions, Excretions of Plants; Diseases and Defects of Seeds, Roots, Stem, Leaf, Bark, Fruit, Flower, Seed, Seedling, Flowering, Fruits, Sexes, Natural Orders, Comparative Physiology and Phenomena of Plants; Microscopy and Animalcules, Vegetable Food, Elements, Properties, Alimentary and Nutritive Principles; Uses of Plants in Domestication, etc. The Central Analysis of Plants is American Vegetation; American Forest Trees, West Coast Trees, Native Plants, Elements of Climate, Light, Heat, Air and Moisture; Soil, Analysis, Culture, Vegetable Food, Elements, Properties, Alimentary and Nutritive Principles; Uses of Plants in Domestication, etc. The Central Analysis of Plants is the Vegetable Kingdom; American Vegetation; American Forest Trees, West Coast Trees, Native Plants, Elements of Climate, Light, Heat, Air and Moisture; Soil, Analysis of Plants, Culture, Vegetable Food, Elements, Properties, Alimentary and Nutritive Principles; Uses of Plants in Domestication, etc. The Central Analysis of Plant is American Vegetation; American Forest Trees, West Coast Trees, Native Plants, Elements of Climate, Light, Heat, Air and Moisture; Soil, Chemistry, Culture, Vegetable Food, Elements, Properties, Alimentary and Nutritive Principles; Uses of Plants in Domestication, etc. The Central Analysis of Planta is American Vegetation; American Forest Trees, West Coast Trees, Native Plants, Elements of Climate, Light, Heat, Air and Moisture; Soil, Agriculture, Culture, Vegetable Food, Elements, Properties, Alimentary and Nutritive Principles; Uses of Plants in Domestication, etc. The Central Analysis of Plan is American Vegetation; American Forest Trees, West Coast Trees, Native Plants, Elements of Climate, Light, Heat, Air and Moisture; Soil, Agricultural Chemistry, Culture, Vegetable Food, Elements, Properties, Alimentary and Nutritive Principles; Uses of Plants in Domestication, etc. The Central Analysis is American Vegetation; American Forest Trees, West Coast Trees, Native Plants, Elements of Climate, Light, Heat, Air and Moisture; Soil, Animalcules, Botany, Chemistry, Culture, Vegetable Food, Elements, Properties, Alimentary and Nutritive Principles; Uses of Plants in Domestication, etc. The Central Analy is American Vegetation; American Forest Trees, West Coast Trees, Native Plants, Elements of Climate, Light, Heat, Air and Moisture; Soil, Botany, Chemistry, Culture, Vegetable Food, Elements, Properties, Alimentary and Nutritive Principles; Uses of Plants in Domestication, etc.
Subjoined are a few only of the uniformly favorable notices of the press, much abridged:
"Here is a book which we give with more than ordinary pleasure; full of useful instruction and practical knowledge." The author, L. D. Chapin, Esq., is extremely and most favorably known among our literary friends, and the work he has just brought forth bears abundant testimony of his scientific acquirements, his deep research, and an unifying industry. His book should greatly supply literature to be in the hands of every family. We intend to make it a source for much useful information for our readers.—N. Y. Bulletin.
"Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," is the title of a useful work of some 450 pages, just published in an appropriate style. We have many general extracts from this valuable treatise, and we shall continue to favor our readers with quotations from it.
"The VEGETABLE KINGDOM, OR, Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," is the title of a useful work of some 450 pages, just published in an approximate style. We have many general extracts from this valuable treatise, and we shall continue to favor our readers with quotations from it.
The VEGETABLE KINGDOM, OR, Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," is the title of a useful work of some 140 pages, just published in an appropriate style. We have many general extracts from this valuable treatise, and we shall continue to favor our readers with quotations.
"The VEGETABLE KINGDOM, OR, Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," is the name of a book which is all respects deserves popularity—-the author has performed a hard task, and has placed before us in a neat, elegant form, and in an understandable style, a school book of the vegetable kingdom, with a complete history of plants and fruits—their primitive characteristics, physiology, observations, their geography and zoology, etc., etc.—Also, valuable statistics as regards their cultivation, use, cost, etc., and giving the estimate of imports and exports in France, England, and the United States, into the world abound with valuable information, and is allied creditable to the talented individual of the author, and the care which should be placed in the hands of youth, leading as it does the mind to study of the absorbing wonders of creation, and in its contemplation, raising it from Nature up to Nature's God."
We shall frequently gratify our readers with portions of the work.—Brother Jonathan.
"The Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," by L. D. Chapin, Esq., This is the most comprehensive and useful book for any reader that has been seen, both for its variety and brevity of facts, and practical importance in the culture, properties and uses of all cultivated plants. It is a book which should be placed in the hands of youth, leading as it does the mind to study of the absorbing wonders of creation, and in its contemplation, rising it from Nature up to Nature's God."
"The Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," by L. D. Chapin, Esq., is the title of a work just published. It is full of interesting botanical knowledge. The simple aim of the author is to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance or comfort of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and ending with the various useful garden vegetables and their culture.—Tribune."
"The Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," by L. D. Chapin, Esq. This is the most comprehensive and useful book for any reader that has been seen, both for its variety and brevity of facts, and practical importance in cultivation, properties and uses of all cultivated plants. It is a book which should be placed in the hands of youth, leading as it does the mind to study the absorbing wonders of creation, and in its contemplation, rising it from Nature up to Nature's God."
"The Hand Book, or Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," by L. D. Chapin, Esq., is the title of a work just published. It contains a great deal of interesting botanical knowledge. The simple aim of the author is to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance or comfortable of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and ending with the various useful garden vegetables and their culture.—Tribune."
"Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," by L. D. Chapin, Esq., is the title of a work just published, in which the author has succeeded in condensing a large amount of information concerning the products and uses of the vegetable kingdom. His work exhibits the most valuable qualities of fruit and vegetables, so that any one by perusing it may become familiar with them, and apply them to his use in all the varied purposes of life.
"The Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," by L. D. Chapin, Esq. The title of a work just published. It contains a great deal of interesting botanical knowledge. The simple aim of the author is to furnish to the reader a knowledge, of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance or comfortable of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and ending with the various useful garden vegetables and their culture.—Tribune."
"Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," by L. D. Chaplin, Esq., is the title of a work just published. It contains a great deal of interesting botanical knowledge. The simple aim of the author is to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance or comfortable of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and ending with the useful garden vegetables and their culture.—Tribune."
"Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," by J. D. Chapin, Esq., is the title of a work just published. It contains a great deal of interesting botanical knowledge. The simple aim is to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance or comfortable of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and the useful garden vegetables and their culture.—Tribune."
"Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," is the title of a work just published. It contains a great deal of interesting botanical knowledge. The simple aim of the author is to furnish to the reader, a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance or comfortable of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and ending with the useful garden vegetables, and their culture.—Tribune."
"Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," is the title of the work just published. It contains a great deal of interesting botanical knowledge. The simple aim of the author is to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plant, which minister to the sustenance or comfortable of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and ending with the useful garden vegetables, and their culture.—Trible"
"Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," is the title of the work just published. It contains a large amount of interesting botanical knowledge. The simple aim of the author is to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance or the comfortable of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and ending with the useful garden vegetables, and their culture.—Tribune"
"Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," is the title of the work just published. It contains the largest amount of interesting botanical knowledge. The simple aim of the author is to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and ending with the useful garden vegetables, and their culture.—Tribune"
"The Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom," is the title of the work just published. It contains a large amount of interesting botanical knowledge. This work is intended to be a guide to the cultivation of plants, and to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and ending with the use of useful garden vegetables, and their culture.—Tribune"
"The Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdom, is the title of the work just published. It contains a large amount of interesting botanical knowledge. This work is intended to be a guide to the cultivation of useful plants, and to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance of man, beginning with the physiology of plants and the useful garden vegetables, and their culture.—Tribune"
"The Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, or the Vegetable Kingdome, is the title of the work just published. It contains a large amount of interesting botanical knowledge. This work is intended to be a guide to the cultivation useful plants, and to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance of man, beginning with the physiology of plants, and ending with the useful garden vegetables, and their culture.—Tribune"
"The Hand Book of Plants and Fruits, is the title of the work just published. It contains a large amount of interesting botanical knowledge. This work is intended to be a guide to the cultivation, of useful plants, and to furnish to the reader a knowledge of the useful plants, which minister to the sustenance of man, beginning with the physiology of useful plants, and ending with the useful garden vegetables, and their culture.—Tribune"
"The Hand Book of Plants and Fuits, is the title of the work just published. It contains a large amount of interesting botanical knowledge. This work is intended to be a guide to the cultivation and use of useful
