CONFIDENTIAL
Sec Br
IN discussing excess reserves at the last meeting, the directors asked
this question: What is the duty of a central bank or banking system in a situation
like the present? Can we by analysis of the situation ascertain the principles
which should be applied? Having done that, we would be in a better position to
consider questions of expediency and methods of procedure.
Before attempting to answer this question, it may be well to review
briefly the genesis and growth of the present excess reserves of the member banks
of the country. The program of open market purchases of government securities,
which began at the outset of the depression in 1929, has gone through a number of
phases. In the earlier years its main purpose was to enable the member banks to
reduce their rediscouns at the Reserve banks, in the hope, based on previous ex-
perience, that this reduction of member bank indebtedness would check deflation and
might stimulate credit expansion. The creation of excess reserves, which repre-
sented an entirely new phase of open market policy, may be said to have begun after
the passage of the Glass-Steagall Act in February, 1932. By the summer of 1932 our
open market purchases had led to the accumulation of fairly substantial excess
reserves, principally in New York and Chicago banks. The next phase of the program
was the resumption of open market purchases after the banking crisis of March, 1933,
as one of various emergency measures, which included also deposit insurance and the
Reconstruction Finance Corporation program of bank capital rehabilitation. By
January, 1934, excess reserves amounted to about $600,000,000, which were now fairly
well distributed throughout the country. It is important to point out that the
Reserve System's active program of increasing bank reserves came to an end at this
time,* and that the great increase in excess reserves which has occurred since
* Our purchases of government securities actually ceased in November, 1933, but the
full effect upon excess reserves was not apparent until after seasonal return
flow of currency to the Reserve banks in January, 1934.
Volume 261
Page 41
341
