8
the public utilities there is clearly need for some clarification of the present
conflict which, while removing previous malpractices wherever they may be found,
would make it possible for this industry, and for investors in it, to contribute
their very important share to the national spending.
This memorandum has been addressed mainly to the question of what the
Federal Reserve System, as a central banking system, ought to do in the present
situation, and a program of action has been suggested. What is the alternative to
such a program? If, for example, we should decide that we ought to reverse our
present course and reduce our holdings of government securities, what prospect is
there that our reversal of policy would accomplish our purpose, or that the re-
versal might not of itself become destructive? Through its stabilization fund the
government could exercise a dominant influence over member bank reserves. It could
also resort, if it chose, to paper money inflation. Moreover, with the whole
question of central banking now very much in the air, the government could readily
alter fundamentally the entire central banking, and also the commercial banking,
machinery of the country. It seems clear that we could act effectively only with
the consent and cooperation of the Administration. And there is the further
question whether the Administration, even if we should propose and it should consent
to such a reversal of policy, would be well advised to do so. If as a result there
were any marked decline in government securities or commodity prices or production,
the Administration would probably have to face renewed agitation either for infla-
tion through greenbacks, further devaluation, more silver certificates, and the like,
or for increased governmental intervention in the regimentation or management of
industry. Perhaps at the moment these dangers appear to be less imminent than a
year ago, but that fact does not lessen the danger that a reversal of our policy
would strengthen the hands of one or the other of these groups who do not think as
we do, and might well result in serious and damaging losses to the banking system.
