Washington, Feb. 12. 1845
Sir
I have made my calculation, as to the extent of time to which it the
remaining term of the app. will allow me to go and I find that I can
continue the Super. & Operation of the Tel. no longer than Feb.
15th inst. The Salaries then for if all now connected with Tel. must
cease after that date. If you choose after that time to continue your
daily Sup. (free of charge) so far as to guard the property of the
Tel. I will use my influence in can the bill before Congress shall
pass into a law to leave your salary allowed from after the
15th inst. to the time when the new app. shall enable us to put
the Tel. in operation again. The continu. of your Super.
however, must necessarily be at your own risk as I shall
not prospect after the 15th inst. the funds receivng to enable
me to continue my salary.
Very Respectfully yours
W. H. Rogers Jr
Chief Super. E.M.J.
Ball. Station.
S. F. B. Morse
Sup. Elec. Dept.
Washington
Feb. 13. 1845
Dear Sir:
I enclose your check for your salary up to 15th inst.
I hope you will continue to be at Tel. off. having batteries
put in operation every day. So that we can finally converse
at certain hours. but I do not wish Tel. exhibit. any more
after 15th inst. unless otherwise notified, and no reports for
the papers. Let it remain still. I have but about 200 Cds
bal. of app. and when each of our salaries are paid up to 15th inst.
there will be but a few dollars due. Cleveland may have his
dollar a day for a week longer, and he must be in attendance
to keep ballies in order and to take care of every thing, and be in
off. when you are absent, to go for you in any emergency.
Notify on the doors, and in the papers if they choose that the
"The app. being expended the operation of Tel. are suspended"
"bill further notice." Make no private arrangements for
the transmission of intelligence let all stop. I am in hopes
that after the Report of Comt. of Ways & Means they will
pass my bill through. If so we can go on. Remember me kindly
to Mrs Rogers on a trip for little thing. Truly your friend
W. H. Rogers Jr
J. F. B. Morse
