I cannot venture -- Though conscious of her duty
she has no idea of its being immediate or
me a death of what we will do many
things -- Let us think of her alone -- I have
enough to must say for myself --
From Washington
Brasswich
Oct. 19th 1837.
I regret my dear Hazard that I have not been able
to write to you for so long a time -- and fear you will think me remiss yet I
think you must from long experience felt that confidence in my sympathy -- which will
cause you to think I never could night you lose your son especially in your present
circumstances -- But I have been much indebted -- Washington has been possessing
a pretty powerful sense of treatment -- as the complaint seemed so many times --
which has affected my whole frame -- yet has not exalted the malady the is assisted
the febrile symptoms. sometimes I feel distressed but I should have the same
obvious satisfaction of former years but yesterday -- and today I am in better order.
It is not always an easy attainment to live by the day. Many will make flight
into futility and bring back unworthy apprehensions. Except of myself I trust I
shall do well. At last I will enjoy present comfort which divine providence
has so graciously bestowed beyond all expectation.
It is more than twenty days since the date of your last -- Dear Anna was
thus more comfortable -- and not hearing either from you or from Hazard unless
we hope the remission of painful symptoms is still continued -- and that the
same such warm expressions are still continued to you. What proofs of goodness
are there bunched mitigations of suffering! At a distance we think only of
what is painful and distressing -- but when with a patient we see how many
real pleasure and gratifications -- thus the gloom and sadness as position
habits itself as health itself can ever taste. The comforts of devotion -- the
tenderness of friendship are related in a manner known only to the sufferer
and then the minor gifts of kindness -- the visits of friends -- of a physician
