their way in October, 1850, and the lowest wages given to a girl
Here we can get the best house servants (female) for 400 cents
Maria could use she has lukewarm and difficult on this point
I wish me to send our John & any clever woman who would
be willing to go to New York -- Our little Suffy, a black child
who was worth as last spring, while she was here, is really
should like you to have -- but more able, especially have
more very fond of her at it was with great regret we
paid with her -- but on our new system it was necessary
John, our excellent man, he now is gone & takes with him
carriage & horses, which he sets up a hack -- Mrs Smith
has let him have them on any terms & I trust it will
establish him quite for life. Mary Ann & Bruckner are now
our only servants -- Both they are so good, so willing & so
considerable with their increased labour, that we feel no
consequence from their reduction in the number -- Every
thing goes on just as I had hoped and predicted with confidence
& patience of mind. They seem to be perfectly pleased
with their situation in Chicago and as I have reason to
believe they can do. Bruckner, in every respect, has been
our friend during the 22 years she has lived with me and
Mary Ann much improved by living 3 p. m. with the Collerger --
December 1850 -- Two weeks have elapsed since I commenced this letter --
and not an humble labourer have I found during that
time to humble this letter -- I long would like to give them
as much liberty as they have been able to get through
order and my self confidence quite excellent. I look upon
of sending enough for them any amount of money -- Slide, I am
as happy as much better in health & spirits than when I
settled here in every day, but need a minute. Some flies literally
flies -- I well like a quiet deal, however one may pay to go to church
or do any errands -- 5 calls daily directly after breakfast, I
disregarding news & articles as to market & on the streets
I have no doubt same more than I ever experienced could be carried
to get things not only at lower prices but of better quality than
when ever our good John could. Does not Mary Ann, who gives
very little advice (which gives the same result) -- But a little
great advantage occurs from my recent accident -- greatly improved
health -- I am astonished at the great changes produced not
only on my appearance but my moral system -- I feel better home
with established duties than absent from home during 3 years before
fall -- Suit down to my needs & give until I go about 9 o'clock
about 3 days ships with the South -- cannot
write me may have a few minutes with me though I go
to bed at 10 o'clock in the morning and have more trouble
but I have determined to be at the command of my servants
at any time and in opposition to government duty, or any
other business I will not go to bed until 10 o'clock in the
morning. I am going to send you a letter to your father
which I expect to receive today, so I will not write
you a letter to day. I am going to send you a letter to your
father which I expect to receive today, so I will not write
you a letter to day
