My good friend Mrs. Johnson will have you
This - Her society has been a great comfort to
me - It is so nothing, to have the companionship
of one that loves you, whom you feel loves you in
that qualification, in absence of all else, would
infart an intent to a companion about the subject
of every other, without that, could not give me
I always sit up in the morning - am never in
the parlour except at meals, unless accompanied
by our evening - I see few of the persons who
call - Both my friends Betty, sits entirely secluded
with me. When I walk out, she walks with
me - when I sew, she sews, & we talk of long
past scenes & of those dear to us - when I need
she needs. But the dear Baker, gives us too
little time to need - even in his mother's
arms, he in spite of myself, draws out my attention
to his thousand sweet ways - I move him
half the time I have him in my arms - Oh,
of what sad & heavy feelings has he often
begged me! - I speak with an intelligent & energetic
communicyation, he finds them hard as well as
feeling exclusives on himself - Amid all his
character, my husband, father, has been very
gracious to me - Bless the Lord of my soul, for
his loving, kindness & tender mercies - for he has
given, & a manner not at what he has taken.
This is what I endeavour to do. I dare not say
that I always succeed - These are moments, when my
darkened mind cannot receive either mercy or wisdom
in the late afflictory disposition & when I feel the
action of desperate powers, rather than as the absolute
sufferer from paternal authority, whose character is
proof of love. - The end of holiday are over -
Merry Christmas & Happy New year! How like mockery
did these words sound, and yet get to me as matter
as these, they meant one words of truth - both what
glad welcome did we greet the festive season - with
what joyful faces & gay voices did my little family
hail the return of these happy holidays - happiness
in dispensing happiness to others - How busy, how
delighted, how were my children in preparing
gifts for our dear & humble friends - The recollection
of departed joys, most happily memories
in sense of bereavement. Oh how these recollections
crowded on me during the whole of Christmas
only, in church could I find the comfort I
aimed at - I thought of the way in which this
happiness is distributed in heaven & realized
how much happier my angel daughters were
there, than my fondest endeavours could make
them on earth.
My anxiety for an augment of Betsy's health is
quite achieved - No physician could have done for
her what his horde, has done. He rides daily,
from six to twelve miles & has lost his appetite,
& regained his appetite. He now appears to be quite
well. Amid a good deal of selfishness on the part
of our family have all enjoyed uninterrupted health.
Julia, was never so well in every respect; she
is entirely taken up with our sweet boy & makes
a most attentive & devoted mother; she has not
even come down to tea, but still the whole family
in the recovery, & they, for one, is fond of company
as she used to be, is really a wonderful character
for giving us their infants. God has bestowed a great
blessing on us both. May it be his will, that the dear
child may continue to, at his life. - I have not seen your Bar and Lady, but with the exception
of his leg, which I cannot describe, he is quite well,
except my dear brother - I am
