(Letterhead of)
CARNEROL, JOHNSTON & WRIGHT
Richmond, Va.
There surely must be some architects in this territory
who are qualified and have demonstrated that the
pitiful part is that they are not recognized as
professional doctors, lawyers, engineers and in-
gineers, and this section certainly does
not agree with you.
February 8th, 1955
Honorable Carter Glass,
Senate Office Building,
Washington, D. C.
Re: Federal Reserve Bank
Dear Senator:-
We noted with a great deal of interest in the New York
Times of last Tuesday, February 5th, that the proposed Federal Re-
serve Bank is taking shape, and that the Bank has employed Mr.
Everett V. Meeks, Dean of the School of Fine Arts of Yale, to pre-
pare a schedule of competition, and he has been retained as pro-
fessional adviser.
This schedule has been approved by the Fine Arts Com-
mission and the National Capital Park & Planning Commission, also
the American Institute of Architects.
A jury of award has been selected composed of three
architects, Mr. John W. Cross of New York City, Mr. William
Emerson of Boston, and Mr. John Mead Howells of New York City,
and two other members who are Mr. Frederic A. Delano, Chairman
of the National Capital Park & Planning Commission, and Dr.
Miller. This group has invited the following architects to sub-
mit designs:
Arthur Brown, Jr. - San Francisco
Coolidge, Shepley, Bulfinch & Abbott, Boston
Paul Philippe Cret, Philadelphia
Delano & Aldrich - New York City
Holabird & Root - Chicago
John Russell Pope - New York City
James Gamble Rogers - New York City
Egerton Swartwout - New York City
York & Sawyer - New York City
It is interesting to note that the procedure followed
in Washington in the past is still continued in that the invited
competitors are five from New York City, one from Philadelphia,
one from Boston, one from Chicago and one from San Francisco,
and that property bounded by the Potomac on the north and the
Mississippi on the west is not recognized now, or has it ever
been in the past.
869
