2.
shortcomings, & sins of a momentary existence, what do I say,
even more than that, an eternity of infinite suffering, for an
impossible obedience, for not believing, what we can not believe
even when we know it, for not believing, even what is not known,
as certainly the scheme of salvation of Jesus, is not known to
a millionth part of mankind. And while suffering infinitely
& eternally for these short-lived sins & this irresistible un-
belief, no reward is allowed to the most self-sacrificing duty
& morality, but the man whose whole life has been passed in
loving & benefitting his fellow creatures even to the sacrifice
of his own ease & enjoyment, is doomed to eternal punishment
if he did not believe what he could not believe. Such are
some of the reasons why wise & good men reject the Christian
religion while they are the devout & sincere disciples of
natural religion. Mr Jefferson believed in the same God that
Christians believe in, he believed in the immortality of the
soul, he believed that Jesus Christ was the greatest reformer
& the best man that ever lived, -that his religion was the
most pure & sublime ever before taught to man, namely, that God
is a spirit, to be worshipped in spirit & in truth, the father
of all his creatures, to whom he has impartially given all
things necessary for their well being, here & hereafter. He be-
lieved that the system of church morality is the most perfect
ever given to man, & by it was his life & his temper governed.
Had he ignorantly rejected the Christian doctrines, he would
deserve blame, had he rejected them in order to escape from
3.
their moral restraints, he would be guilty, but contrary from
this, He deeply, thoroughly, laboriously studied the scriptures.
Part of them he extolled & admired, for their wisdom, sublimity
& beauty, but in other parts, discovered matter which to his
mind brought the conviction that they were not divinely inspired
writings & therefore not more obligatory or sacred than the
works of Plato or other wise & good men. That he did not
neglect Christianity in order to escape its moral restraints
his life is a proof, those that say otherwise did not know
him, but have formed their opinions from political-party re-
presentations. I am sure my dear sister, did you know all I
know of this good & great man, you would think as I do. I
hope Dr Green will not be unjust, but can he be otherwise?
He locks only at one side & has all his life only looked at
one side of the question. So that I should doubt the possi-
bility of his seeing the other side and if so, can his judge-
ments be impartial.
I am sorry I have filled my paper as I have done & left
myself little room for domestic details. I am glad to hear
Mary Ann is recovered from her late attack, but think she
would best ensure her health by paying us her promised visit.
We expect to see her before our hot weather sets in. After
June I would not dare ask her to come, as with her predispo-
sition to ague & fever I should fear the effects of our climate.
x x x M. H. S.
