Friday - Oct. 8
1832.
Some days since I commenced a letter to you, my
dear sister, in answer to your most kind & sincere
attending me, on the death of our friend Dr. Sims - I was interrupted & when I sat down
to finish it, found that John had written, I was therefore determined to
put off writing for another week - but Mr. Wood has just sent me
word he goes on Monday, so I resume my pen - Maria will send
you a long letter written to her, which you will receive before
this, so I need not repeat any of the details I have given her
from beneath a drowning man's death, a more probable event
than life. But no fear, alarm, or gloom attends this conviction of
its proximity - Its frequent recurrence, by rendering familiar, despair is
its At times I feel as if it were as easy to die, as to sleep; it was a
thing more to be desired, than avoided dreaded. Far, far more desirable
than to outlive those we love. I am astonished at my incredulity
at the chastening of my spirit. The shocker, such as I have lately had,
affect me severely for a little space - like a blow on the body.
A concussion of feeling is produced - but where the impression thaws
fragments it soon over. I feel as if awakening from a dream
or renewed dream - The dream I am rushed & leave no trace
beyond! And is life anything more than a dream? What is real?
Schemes of happiness? one, they are but castles in the air, an image
- any object which like the horizon eludes reaches as one advances
a step before us, but never attained. Where prospect was brighter than
our gold nor heart? Universally suspected & believed abroad - perfectly known
at home. His lovely young wife, blooming like a rose, finer in his garden
of domestic life, diffusing fragrance & beauty around - Health, fortune, friends -
Youth - joy, home - all were his - but that all, could not save him
from the grave! Like him we desire those transient, uncertain glimpses
that cling to a life, that one moment may destroy "The richest most
beautiful treasure is ours - in cables, to render tribute held on life! -
Feeling the truth of this - why do I not feel strongly impressed by
the fact? why do I not feel anxious about the state of existence that
will follow? I cannot tell - unless it arises from some moral physical
torpor & insensibility - but such is the fact. I wish it were not
so - I wish my mind was more active & engaged about the change
produced by death - I wish my heart was more keenly & deeply touched
but this does not depend on my own actions. My sorrow is not within
the circumference of the image they reflect. I wish I could retain
the impressions, one strong & vivid - but transient - my existence is a succession
of dreams - some pleasant - some gloomy - some horrid - but they pass
away leaving not a mark behind - Last night I saw like a dream it was
affronted. Did she ever live? Did I ever hold her in my arms - feel her warm
sweet breath - hear her voice? Oh she was a lovely vision! Perhaps after all
Bethely is right - we are nothing but a composite collection of ideas - there is
no such thing as substance - as matter
