only of all the diseases that afflict the human frame, this is the most
easily do it in the most innocent. No pain -- no uncomfortable feelings -- for the
slight occasional fever, in pleasant 2 exhilarating -- So it appears it is uninteresting
life! I cannot at times realize it. My belief of her necessity, and much endurance
of life -- at least of the continuance of life for many years -- I have heard of so
many similar cases, where the patient lived for 10, 15, 20 years. The case
of our friend Mr Wood -- is growing rapidly worse -- the only hope of her recovery
depends on her becoming a mother. But her situation is very different from hers and
the poor woman has gone out this morning on her society duties -- to distribute clothes to
the poor -- has gone several families under our same roof -- under whose particular
interest, good men speak of her grand susceptibilities, in the one that we must ever fear. In her
old age, she is totally dependent on her friends for support -- being disabled by rheumatism
as well as age from doing any thing for herself. So humble, so quiet, so cheerful -- so contented
never before saw such a sufferer. Her life is an eloquent sermon -- if in practical
Christianity -- I have heard many times of Mary -- her old attendant maid -- and from Lawler Jones
& Mrs Beaton she was with the latter at the execution of five children -- I have
endured herself to us all -- do you many believe in her helplessness -- she wants for
no comfort -- another witnessing sufferer is an old english woman -- 84 years old -- without
a single acquaintance or relations, on whom she has any claim, excepting such as human
infantitude. She is a mysterious personage -- a woman of fine education & delicate appearance.
report says, the daughter of a millman -- who elapsed in early life with a husband
of inferior birth -- Last week when I visited her, she was in such a dreadful
nervous state -- that all the usual remedies in failed -- after an unsuccessful labour
2 others, inefficaciously -- I at last forced her to lie down, & succeeded in keeping her
in bed, in finally exerted her in to bring outbit by reading -- at first I said the trouble
but that had not that continuity of subject that gives the trouble -- the mind, she told
poetry & that Goffe was her favorite -- so sent to my friend Mrs King, who lived near
& had recommended Mrs Beaton leave to my case -- for a vol -- I read three books of the
English in man -- this tutted & complained her. Often she exclaimed, how useful -- how
valuable -- how sublime. When I read the line, the subject of which was "he reason best who
has his soul subdued" -- "the soul she -- that I could not understand -- then why would be easy --
could be neglected -- in the evening something called to make inquiries -- did you not think
me wrong? -- said I, when I sent for a vol of Goffe, for "the English in man" -- almost, and he
laughed -- at least thought I to myself, nobody but Mrs Beaton, would think of such a thing! --
"extraordinary cases require extraordinary remedies. I may be entitled, 2 years by its
success, to say it was judicious -- I have been relieved from dreadfull nervous attacks by
practicy. Saul, was mentioned by manch. observes nothing -- These nerves --
a carriage -- It was Cornelia Barbour, daughter of Govt. B -- late minister to
Scotland -- her mother a father confined to the house with the influenza -- but I doubt
not he will find his, now to make a long speech in the Convention -- I bad Cornelia, except her
elegance & the power of her charms to get Mr Clay chosen -- Oh how glad should I be, to have old friends back again -- Cornelia
was as gay, charming & carping as ever -- she hugged & kissed in heartily -- as the
letter I had given him (for I let him know whatever I wrote -- he takes most a lively
interest in my pen-work) which I hastily wrote for Louise Bonsfords dear, I mean
one evening she was here, to a little party Anna Maria gave her. The Bridal
cake was crowded with a pair of dogs (in sugar) This service, suggested the lines
which I hastily wrote & twitted the paper with some roses, suspended it from the
United bills of the Doves. The cake was first carried to Kansas -- stood near,
2 told her the Doves had a message for her -- she disengaged the billet-donna
& found these lines -- gentle Dover, fly, fly away
Swift, to the lovely Bride convey
Love's own emblem in this flower,
To Heaven in her domestic bowers.
Her joy is he who this winter rose,
Blooming till life's last season close.
The Bride & company
interpreted themselves charmed with the compliment -- which at least was something
new --
