Washington. Dec 9. 1832
At last my dearest sister a letter from your
divinity to me has arrived, I feel the communication to
be much more like our former talk upon paper, than
that she it has lately taken place through my dear
Anna. That was talking in company. This is late at late
I am quite surprised by the information
you give me, respecting the changes you propose
making. I know not how I shall familiarize myself
to your idea in another house: for you seem to be
as much a part of your present home as the trees
that have taken the deepest root in your garden.
If to me the thought of your removal is painful,
for infinitely more so must it be to you; for night
2 wise, I find out as it may be -- it will necessarily
be accompanied with a thousand sad and tender regrets. The lot
2 most interesting half of your life, has filled every apartment in
the house -- every spot, every tree, every shrub in the garden, with
images that like mine dwell in your heart & thus some
to identify your existence with the inanimate objects around you. This association of ideas will be broken by
a removal into another dwelling, & thus I fear the feeling
of home, will be destroyed. For my dearest sister, it will bring
to conviction to your heart, that this is not our abiding
place, that we are but pilgrims or sojourners; & if such
a conviction can promote our eternal welfare, we
should not regret it. -- But indeed I see not how it
thus operates -- on my mind, or conduct rather, it has
far from a beneficial influence. Already I feel too
little interest in life -- a farther lossening of the
which bind me to it, by making me more indifferent
would make me more negligent in the performance of
the duties attendant on this transient state of existence
The attination of our affections from earthly objects, of
which you speak as a desirable thing, may I allow would
our personal felings lead us to a solitary communion with
heavenly objects -- but would this be the best preparation for eternal
life? would not a life of active duty the more accordant
with the spirit of the Gospel? certainty at would be
