Oh that I may be enabled so to do, in such a degree
as to have no wish, no desire, no ambition of my own,
that I may be enabled to commit myself to all that
most dear, chiefly affectionately to humble, into the hands
of my father, also in no manner.
The girls have all gone to church, and this
afternoon at ten at home with my dear son, as I
think her attendance this morning is much as she
can bear. She is sitting by me in her easy chair
I told me remember her affectionately to your
husband - her mother and home both now interested
by our removal to the really necessary to devote
to the preservation of fresh air, in exercise, which a pleasant ride into the country with her
was quite revived. While we came moving
our dear son stood with our friend Mrs Thornton for two
days - the family, also got up on Tuesday evening -
Miss Jane, Anna & Brucilla with our friend Mrs Clifton's
aid, had every thing completely arranged - so that when
arrived to found upon the home province of Liverpool
was last winter, it seemed to me as if there had
been no interval - Nothing who solemnly always to
be our first master was on the watch for our arrival
at Jasper Tuesday evening with as he is an attentive &
attached friend - Mr Ellman who came same after - enjoys
more by magic - he moves between the best books &
diversities - Every day has brought often on our old age friends
or acquaintances with them to welcome us back - But how
thorough our arrival since the first winter! I have one more
new in the city Mrs Sherman (later Andrews) married, that
we care one half as much for as Theresa, that
gentle Jackson (deplace) - has been several new neighbors
have we shut like them time must determine - one
of them is a lady like Mrs Senator McLean
Congress - an ex. minister's widow de Mrs Senator McLean
Congress - one among these nearest to us, Madame Thurlide, the
former Duchess of Missouri - is close to me, we could, even we
belonged almost together hands from our youth - and our
son Peter Gertrude, the nurse, who left Chicago
at George Turre, is an inmate of her family - in fact
an adopted daughter & has the whole charge of her
seven three daughters - Peter Gertrude I know well in
her childhood - once now a then through the current fashion
on one occasion when accidentally alone with her father
if she asked to leave it to communicate her desires
to her relations - but she then said - she was surprised
by her own inclination from her own, in the matter of
harrassing her. I shall try to remove any acquaintance
with my dear Mrs Thurlide, has remained for many years
at George Turre - quite out of my walking distance
has been about since May - but is doubt suspected that
with the exception of good Mrs Thurlide, I am
at my other neighbors are gone for better, than me have
any desire to be - for this is every sense of the word
in the West end of the city. Lafayette Court - New York City
travesty around a few days since. She is to leave in her
position former Kansas & Jefferson county of the present
always be with her - Mrs. and I Catherine accompanied her
to called yesterday - the Boarders, groom & bedchambermaid
(Mrs Catherine) were all on her board - but they were
quite gay & happy - I did not see any visit - she had been
so much regretted by meeting her friend Mrs. Thurlide
and not venture to see any other of the friends - the relations
and acquaintances to Battimore - Mrs. Harley, Catherine, the children
greeted, to Battimore - Mrs. Harley, Catherine, the children
greeted, to Battimore - Mrs. Harley, the children
greeted, to Battimore - Mrs. Harley, the children
are in a house in our district to Washington, though
I wonder if such close neighborhood, will not remove the
favor -
When I wrote to you about what you call my daughter
I did not forget my dear sister, that you did not receive
the letter and of her journey - but I thought even when we
had finished it - had safely our dear children must be
on their travelling companions, through the means of
the post - with this plan could be more satisfactorily
shown to them - I have never been surprised - I did not
know how to expect it could be - with not, I suppose by letter from
me - I am not long to see you - when I have
no meat opinion - I think of giving my opinion on the
subject of you, as you were this time last year - you had been
paid your allowance below notice - Not a circumstance that has
interested me, is more forgotten by me - But I fear to remon
strance - why give an appearance of sending a polite invitation?
But I do not indicate my intention to forget you, nor
