with my story. I cannot describe patience, which produces love, or
esteem, without loving & esteemng the object on whom I bestowed them.
Had Lucy been a real personage, I could not have felt more
sorrowfully in compassion on listening to her ventions. I have felt
while writing the story of this imaginary lady. This sympathy
& compassion have vanished & the affection feelings are excited
to attempt to have Emily who differs constantly & mentions
such a character, as I wish to, to combine sentiments & develop
particular sentiments to explain to explain the feelings. I must
for the time, be what I describe -- in this situation of some
favor over which I have no control. If I am ever to have
been endeavoring to put my ideas into execution -- I give
up the attempt. -- If you by forming -- correcting, enlarging
& altering can make any thing of poor Lucy -- you will greatly
oblige me, as Mrs Beecher writes me word. Before her engagement
if I have any thing in reading, I am willing to take it in order to
habituate it in my mind as he can -- and it would be very convenient
to me if he would. -- But if you cannot make her put
together in public -- I will look for a place for the present --
then this fit of disgust goes over -- I will -- if I cannot
be with her -- Judge Sutherland is to go on in 10 days or two weeks
he will go where I stay two or three weeks. If by that time
you could escape I alter what passages you desire necessary
I would be glad -- if not I will be patient, wait, and leave --
Sidney - July 11th 1850.
This my dear sister will be handed to you
by our friend Mr Wood, whose name for the
last two years has so often been mentioned
in my letters -- pray receive him in the same
friendly, kind way you received Mr Green, which
so won his heart for I assure you he is
equally worthy -- He has heard us talk so
much of your Jewish, that should he
find you at home I be encouraged to
do so, he will stop in Brunswick in
person to make your acquaintance -- if he is in Kentucky, at the time of
your commencement, will come up to attend
it -- I wanted Mr Stegge is to stop to see
you, but he was traveling out to Austin
& could not command his own time -- Mr Wood
joins to sincere but unostentatious feeling, the most
ardent & active benevolence, with a decided &
attentated taste for literature -- He & I that
found me came old & agreeable new Northern
from the streets of Philadelphia, as good as God
Leighlin all him -- The favorite philosopher
of Christians; where under the Roman senate
were argei to be repose, because they so dis
trusted the minds of the Roman citizens to embrace
Christianity -- I promise myself much satisfaction
from their persuasion -- I should have sent you
