and express the views of the Board as above indicated. The Board then
adjourned.
At 1200 p.m. Dr. Miller came to my office, and said that he had
talked with the President who seemed very tired, and told him that the
Board should communicate with Glass. This was all Dr. Miller said as
to his conversation. He then repeated to me what he had said in the
morning -- that in normal times this night be a wise move, but he feared
at the present time it was not opportune, and he suggested to me that I
call up Glass and tell him how the Board felt about it. I asked him to
remain, and called up Senator Glass, and finally got him over the
telephone. I told him that the Board felt very much disturbed over the
amendment, and some of them criticized me for having suggested or drum
it, but that I had explained to the Board that the matter was a purely
personal one between him (Glass) and me, and that I had not suggested
it in any way or shape.
Glass replied that that was absolutely correct; that he assumed
all responsibility for the amendment, and that he thoroughly believed
in it. I then said to him that I wanted to express in Dr. Miller's
presence the fact that I had never, directly or indirectly, suggested
this amendment, or any amendment, to him, and he repeated what I had
stated above. I repeated the same to Dr. Miller. I then reminded
Dr. Miller that on Saturday noon he told me there was no possible reason
why I should not comply with Glass' request. He said this was absolutely
so, and that he believed that any member had a right to have a confidential
talk on any subject with a member of Congress, especially with Mr. Glass,
and he said that it was unfortunate that this particular talk had resulted
as it had. He then talked with Glass of some length over the telephone,
which conversation I could not hear, but evidently Glass had made up his
mind that this amendment was wise, and that he should press it. Miller
made the suggestion to him that these lessons would be dollar for dollar,
while a loan to a member bank would require only the lawful reserve to
be deposited by the bank. Apparently Glass had said that he thought
this amendment would do more good than pouring millions of money into
the market by buying Government securities.
Considerable discussion was had, and Miller said he would be glad
to talk with him about it later, but that he evidently had made up his
mind.
I then talked again with Glass over the telephone, and he told me
that the Senate Committee had unanimously endorsed this amendment; that
he believed in it, and that he should do his best to secure its passage.
As to Governor Meyer's statement that I should have consulted with
