July 14, 1932.
The Governors met with the Board in an open market conference
this morning. Governor Mayor gave a resume of the situation, saying
that the open market policy had been effective, and expressing the
opinion that it would be very ill-advised and dangerous to stop it;
that we ought to go on, as the operations from now on would have
much more force than they could before, because of gold experts. Governor
Harrison then addressed the meeting, showing the good effect of open
market operations up to the present date, and expressing the firm
belief that we should continue keeping the excess reserve at about
200 million dollars.
Governor Halseygal expressed the opinion that we should stop
buying, and C.S.R. pointed out to him that he originally voted for the
major operation, -- 200 millions on April 12th -- and asked him whether
he did not believe it would be dangerous to stop completely now. He
said he could see that there might be some danger from it.
Governor Calhoun thought it was not necessary to keep up the
amount to 260 millions excess reserves, but that it would be all right
to go on keeping the reserves at about their present status -- a little
over 200 millions.
Governor Young suggested that while he was originally opposed to
the operation and might vote to discontinue if that were the sentiment
of the conference, yet otherwise he believed it would be wise to proceed
and buy a little each week so that the public would not see or feel we
had discontinued our open market policy.
Secretary Hills addressed the meeting, expressing the firm belief
that to stop purchases now would be disastrous.
Governor Mayor, in his opening address, spoke of the proposed
amendment offered by Senator Glass permitting direct loans to individuals,
etc. He said that all over the country bank presidents are stating
that everyone entitled to credit can get it. He said this was pure
"bull" -- that he knew, and everyone knew, that all over the country
people who were entitled to credit -- with satisfactory collateral for
business purposes -- were unable to procure it from the banks. Secretary
Hills stated that only this morning he had not two gentlemen who stated
positively that credit was not available even to nonborrowers who had
good collateral. He said that one representative of the Southern Pacific
