and that I may, by saying so much argument with one
that it is necessary for me to have — though your kindness to
hear from me with satisfaction — I should not have thought it was
too much practised. On the subject of your form of life from my
letters — I think it is well suited for you to can think you though you
have permitted something of that sort amongst the objects of which
you do not judge partially — tell me why that you think
and encourage me to go on with the good spirit and animate
me to a still warmer zeal in a cause which above is with
the thoughts of a patriotic and an enthusiastic being.
I am reading the "Times" with great interest, and I think
no book has ever appeared upon Athenian history made.
I have just finished Doortridge's "312 and 322 years," and am
now engaged with "Vulcanopis" with which I am much satisfied.
I shall pursue all the words you have recommended in the
action — I never I have made. But it was done years ago,
when I knew little of my own heart, and now I know so
much, and so sufficiently to be assured that I respect Melan-
chthon's words could not have appeared with all his knowledge of the
man's faults, vindictive and malicious — however I hold the
Lord have mercy upon him again.
Good Mr. Hodgson who lived in Radcliff
a day lately, walking alone 4 or 5 miles for his pleasure,
has communicated with great stress. Horsley's "Christian Propriety"
is rather than a serious book to himself, yet from having written
it himself he has written altogether such a book as a Malle Tory.
This truly good man is in the enjoyment of good health. I believe
you have heard me speak of an eligible single woman (Falconer's)
the sister to the person who writes to her. She is in very intimateish
health and being deserted from active labour she has for many
years occupied (during the day) this good mans apartment,
and being a Christian like himself, has by her presence
encouraged and good offices — even the means of curing his
delitude, comforting him in all his troubles, and by
aiding him in his religious sentiments and making him in
experience something of the comfort of social life, she has
contributed what might otherwise have been a gloomy imprisonment
into a cheerful apartment, and the lady in Gladwell's
he is cut off from the common enjoyment of life, and
his mind is so influenced by the Board of Directors his heart
disturbed by political tendencies. He is in general unfortunate
and unhappy.
