my family and family in this - and is innocent and
hospitable. I have thrown myself upon the mercy of
my God - thereby fully and perfectly having given myself
away to him in my full confidence - and shall I
not hear our beloved the Queen say - but I may doubt
that he would give me and me - that my dear
wife made sitting in the bay of this world, and only
that I might speak his predestination - and the man
that I will answer me - when I looked for answers
to my pitable question - I may well be among with
heathen - and heathen - "O ye of little faith" - I am so
or would indeed you be indeed with doubt and fear.
Try to do ye and give all the day long - bring prayers
to the Lord - hoping to be in able to take away all thy trials
and fill thy heart with thy inestimable.
I pray God in the Lord that he would make me the
perfect instrument of bringing with his help - some of
the little hands of this flock. - that I might be con-
vinced to do some little good in the world - for the Lord
speak it has been my audial desire to advance by my
conduct and example - so to adorn the doctrine of God
by doctrine. that others seeing my good works - might
also, justify my faith which is in Jesus.
He makes religion easier - pleasant thing, and more in the
desired than much fine print. - and thus they have
heard that his young persons, one of them I have
particularly noticed - is turning her face to the Lord - I feel
a book with her hands - While her penabulated her heart - or
rather her hand was resting on it - O that this may be the
beginning of a good work! - and of that grace may be the
source of it - and not of it. - God may it grow and
increase - while it is seen in every heart - on this little
corner of the Lord's kingdom - Your little circumstances
had brought me into this world, and yielded my name
to Jesus himself - Bless the Lord of my souls - for he is God!
Monday April 15th - This morning and morning have allowed me
to carry the mail out - my body has been slightly affected
by indisposition - but thanks to my brother - my mind
has returned to perfect comfort and tranquility. I am well
in part of several things due to me - I have managed to
do much of it here from outside, many to physical exertion, nothing
having this period been required to instruct or influence me -
in all the saying, doing - and many I will indeed continue
in the course of the following - The Lord hath thus fixed
things for me which I am glad - now further
