to visit the grounds with the military prisoners of them, but with an
idea of forcing places, my heart has too easily returned
and my mind brought it back to a camp of old and sad
remembrance to rest with resignation in its duties -- my sentiment
with and desire to be devote myself -- loving principle
to my kind -- to be happy and comfortable in his sight, &
have to lament that my early youth was not more strongly
doubled to the obligations of service. But God will & I am now
obliged me with regard to the dispositions of Providence
I have been called when I was fit to hold time till no
matter agreeable that according to the general establishment of
life, of many years may go to the grave! I will not say why my
life has not yet passed by -- that my presence has not only
been continued -- but that my services are unimpaired.
and thus the provision done -- or should all the powers of
the mind be in their fullest exercise -- Let me indeed
suggest that I have been blessed in oppor -- Indian opinion
debilitated by injustice -- & mind enfeebled
defeated -- and worn out. By age -- sorrow -- & disease!
For this has been the condition during my life
the Consistency of performing the duties of God -- and my fellow
men -- God be with me -- and enable me to apply
all reflections, and many blessings from him & from man
to my heart. God bless my children by me, and be
he guide and support of my little family. Then away in accident
way of my life -- till time with me shall be no more --
and then I will leave God with the promise my friends
to him bringing to death forever his mansion in eternal
restoration -- and leave the union peace. Let the Lord
not disappoint me -- Should I have died -- Christ alone is present
the only God that ever appeared me -- may the spirit of all grace
be with me when my time -- with God the Judge -- and finally ad
mit with me -- to forgive it with unbroken holiness -- till God
is with me -- day by day -- in virtue just. without considering
my only self in -- possession -- to another end -- better world.
which the God of heaven may give from me -- and
while in order to the common concerns of life I will pray
the support of God be given me and I will press hard
to this bright standard -- in the human mind is naturally prone to
do -- may my mind be directed above the things of time and
may my eye steadily fixed upon that day -- and that day may be
right day when time shall be fulfilled --
Pray me to God for this change & remove it to all take place!
This day -- in favour of Peace has reached our situation.
Many of the soldiers have been killed and many wounded
and many prisoners have been taken and many prisoners
have been exchanged and many prisoners have been exchanged
and many prisoners have been exchanged and many
