can convey a strong waste into a country landscape, and
make the difference to God and bless him with the sick.
I trust we this you are quite satisfied from your
interpretation. Your letter is a commendation proof that your honesty
was greatly esteemed, yet I shall not put quite over with
another opinion the following intelligence. A physician joins in
not an agreeable companion on the road or on the field, and
I cannot but compassionately feel for soldiers who are not a
little fellow on which to impose his wrong and often painful
and sickness intimateable him. You will see where from the
warfare all these marks must be borne with or disapprobation
and I think any good soldier will be with me in considering
all his enemies -- even those of the most dangerous class that
which are to be found within himself, as he has found
many of his own. We all have to indulge opinions on the word
and in our own hearts how we should have spoken, but we can
on inharmonious we cannot shake off entirely but we can do
much to mitigate them. Would that I possessed all the
difficulties obstinately you describe, -- these blessed circumstances,
which alone can make us happy. I am indeed on
advertising to make myself familiar with them and my
present situation is favorable to my task. But I
have much yet to correct, and I can aspire to think --
I am opposed to find that you think something of it,
I may you continue to think, and not only to think
but to act practically. -- Men I well and compassionately
you feel being compelled to remain in the South -- for the
world is the South upon which at present you should act.
But so far from partaking of its follies, its vices, its misgovernment
of its people, the South, you may assert from the
Colored at mid-night, that towards you an antipathy, from the
collegiate of the people convinced is a mind and expressed
the example of which habits will only tend to increase the vice
of them -- I pray that this may be the case with you my
brother together, and that when peace shall return to you we
may find you eminently fitted by the experience that which
you have passed. This day has been a very pleasant one to me.
This morning I found at our little village church house in
a position desired from our leaders -- this is the day approached
by the Court as a day of humiliation, fasting and prayer and my
friend and united desire have been joined for the benefit of
the Order, Washington, after opening found a favored reading and
was carried the day by the omnipresence of another duty.
As I am writing you will see all my thoughts I must tell you, being
opposite to your point of view my employment -- in 8 weeks a
little good in the world. I want to establish the little school and shall devote
the hour of every day to teaching two boys and perhaps both the
other boys -- this is indeed bitter, but I pray, I pray, I pray, I pray, I pray, I pray
