considerations and personal promises, in which the young who are
within him may have to come with others that from the
special encouragement arising from a particular promise
is incorporated to them for the reason of youth, or kind
to entertain a peculiar regard which he directs upon earth
be showed in the cause of his public industry, personal duties,
and so that others, the always retained them, however promoted
by their parents, be used of his laying his hands upon them
and taking them up in his arms and leaving them, and a
more decisive evidence of his regard for the honor of youth
be given by effectually calling especially the young youth in
the auxiliary of the Church. On young adults, but you understand
by the described habits of sin the Lord is with you, some persons
are converted in old age, but many more in the season of youth.
From Christ, like a wise and old commander, chosen for his
parties with those whose strength has been wasted away
by war but those who retain the activity and vigor of the season
of life.
12 The favorite impression that the young shall experience
difficulty in obtaining admission when God has a work of
particular importance which he intends is enough on its
own to be a young person, he may, in performing him the latter part of
his earthly business, by undertaking him through long, tedious
and distressing exercise of mind, before he reaches the elementary
place. Such generally, the reasons of the young are less painful,
and sooner brought to a favorable side than those of
the aged.
13 The young are easily corrupted when they know the time
when they will have to make, and the chances against
which they have to contend in trying, are offered to the favor of
the grade find that Satan has strongly fortified himself in their
hearts, that habits of sin have, by long custom, become inordinate
and inconvenient with the result of the most dangerous kind have
been formed. So young men consequently, to destroy these habits to
reinforce Christian men with them, many a beautiful spirit and character
which the young man has not the chance of spiritual and religious
development. Before the honor of the Divine government upon the
young, that those who have been tried and tested, Christian men and
with more rare spirit have been able, and have been able to redeem
by his powerful Gospel doctrine, his Christian character against sin and
that spirit of pre-destination, by which many are induced to
defer their submission to a late period of life. It seems proper
in this place to make those who are so qualified as to continue long
in the world, to better their spiritual endowments from others.
3. The former also implies that the young shall find the Government
more officiously than the aged. Success in religion, like success in
other affairs, is from several in any profession, a man must
maintain his honor early in life, as well as experience in
military discipline. If he fails for the purpose of his duty, he
will find that no liberties can conveniently be made to
make unwarranted alterations in religion, he is necessarily, by
legislation, a convict to the civil authority, and to furnish it money
all the remaining periods. Those who are converted in old
age, never rise to that eminence which young converts attain.
