2
of idle bank balances in the city banks. In New York City, for instance, balances
of out-of-town banks are now close to $2,000,000,000, as compared with excess re-
serves of about $1,450,000,000. Even after allowing for normal working balances of
something like $600,000,000 to $700,000,000, therefore, it appears that, in effect,
most of the excess reserves now held by the large New York banks actually represent
the idle funds of correspondent banks throughout the country.
The growth of demand deposits reflects in part the inflow of capital from
abroad, but it also reflects to some extent credit expansion in the reporting banks.
Heretofore credit expansion has been largely in the form of increased holdings of
United States Government securities, but recently there have been some slight in-
dications of a tendency toward credit expansion through other channels, or at least
the discontinuance of liquidation. Security loans, which at the end of October
reached a new low point for many years past, have since shown a moderate increase,
due to temporary borrowings by Government security dealers. Other loans to custom-
ers have shown some further increase since October, largely seasonal in character,
and on December 4 were $225,000,000 above the low point of July, 1931, and holdings
of purchased acceptances and commercial paper have increased $50,000,000 since July.
Recent Progress Toward Business Recovery
Recent data on business activity have indicated one of the strongest up-
ward movements in general business activity since the summer of 1933. Electric
power production has risen to levels even higher than in 1929; railroad car load-
ings, which until recently had tended to lag, have shown substantial increases over
a year previous for a number of weeks; steel mill activity for the past four months
has averaged about twice as high as a year ago; and the volume of residential build-
ing contracts also has been about double that of a year previous. Retail trade,
however, has not shown proportionate gains, due in part to an autumn season that
was unfavorable for apparel sales.
To some extent the recent high level of industrial activity is clearly
due to the moving forward of seasonal activity in the automobile industry by two
months, and to that extent some recession after the turn of the year is a possibility
