2
has played no part. The spectacular increase of excess reserves from
$900,000,000 in January, 1934, to $3,300,000,000 at the present time has been
wholly due to gold inflow, which in the past two years has amounted to
$2,900,000,000.
As we have observed this enormous increase in excess reserves, to a
figure far beyond what the System had had in view, two questions have arisen in
our minds. First, by what means could the Reserve System under these circumstances,
entirely unprecedented in the history of central banking, exercise its responsibility
for bank reserves and the control of credit, when the time for action
came? Second, what, under conditions like the present, is the appropriate time
for action?
The accepted method of affecting the reserve position, as the practice
has been developed since the War, is by open market operations. But this method,
by itself, would in the present circumstances be both inadequate and impracticable.
Even though the Reserve Banks should dispose of their entire portfolio there would
still be left a substantial margin of excess reserves, without taking into account
the further increase in such reserves through continued inflow of gold. Incidentally,
such an operation would entirely deprive the System of earnings, since it now has
virtually no other earning assets. It has been computed that at the level of
interest rates obtaining in 1925 and 1926 the Reserve Banks would need to retain
about half of their present earning assets to cover their expenses.
Recognizing the inadequacy of open market operations, by themselves, for
dealing with excess reserves of the present magnitude, the Banking Act of 1935 gave
to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System the power to increase the
reserve requirements of member banks to not more than double the present requirements.
The question which we now face is not whether the System should use one or
the other of these powers, the open market operation or the increase of reserve requirements,
since for a complete control it will probably be necessary to use both.
The real questions are in what order they should be used and when.
