5
as evidenced first by the cessation of contraction of bank assets, in which the
rehabilitation of the capital structure of the banks also played an important part,
and subsequently by the increase of bank holdings of government securities, the
successful conversion of the government war debt, the large volume of refunding of
private corporate issues during the past year, and the improvement of the mortgage
market. But two of the most significant and reliable signs of a return to more
normal credit conditions have not yet appeared, the flotation in substantial
volume of new corporate issues and the expansion of business borrowing from banks,
though these, under present conditions, might well be expected to appear only at a
later stage of recovery.
In the general economic situation there has been a marked change for the
better. There have been genuine indications this year that recovery is under way,
and in recent months it has appeared to be proceeding at an accelerated pace. But
here also some of the most reliable signs that might convey certainty as to the
permanency of the present trend are lacking. Building construction, which has
made rapid and substantial improvement in recent months, is still 60 per cent below
normal. Recovery cannot be regarded as assured so long as production in the
heavy industries, which have been the seat of the depression, still remains sub-
stantially below a normal volume. Moreover, unemployment is still very large and
the Federal budget is still unbalanced, which means that national production and
consumption are not yet on a normal self-sustaining basis.
These facts warrant the conclusion that there is no justification as yet
for the System's changing its easy money policy. Nor would it be desirable to
take any action respecting excess reserves which might have a harmful psychological
effect, even though in intent and in fact the action would not reverse the present
policy. From these points of view alone, the time for modification of our easy
money policy would not arrive until production has returned to normal, or at least
until the present trend toward a return to normal provides unmistakable evidence of
continuing.
