industry continues to maintain a high rate of operations, but in cotton goods the
volume of new orders is reported to have been below production for a number of
weeks, so that some slackening in activity during the next few months can hardly
be avoided unless there is a substantial revival of new business. Such a re-
vival, however, is considered at least a possibility when the situation following
the Supreme Court decision on the A. A. A. becomes clarified.
It may be that in the next few weeks comparisons with a year ago will
show smaller increases than have recently prevailed, owing to the fact that at
this time last year business activity was increasing to a peak reached in February.
Aside from this possibility, which is of minor importance, there does not appear
to be any better basis than there was a month ago for forecasting whether or when
a business recession will occur or of what magnitude it might be if it does occur.
III. The Budget for 1937.
In view of earlier discussions emphasizing the advantages of coordinating
any program regarding excess reserves with some definite clarification of fiscal
policy looking toward a definite program of tapering off the budgetary deficits,
and in view of the fact that the Committee's resolution of December 17 makes
reference to the possible effects of government fiscal policy upon any action that
might be taken with regard to altering the present reserve requirements of member
banks, the budgetary estimates and the budget message of January 6 are of special
interest. The preliminary budget shows an estimated deficit for the fiscal year
1937 of $1,098,000,000 as compared with $3,235,000,000 for the fiscal year 1936.
This is a substantial apparent reduction of the yearly deficit, but:
(a) While the budget allowance for "Recovery and Relief"
is $1,103,000,000 as against $2,869,000,000 in 1936,
this allowance includes only appropriations already
made. The budget message stated that this allowance
would probably have to be increased when a definite
relief program is formulated, and the Secretary of
the Treasury in his statement before the Senate
Committee on the bonus bill is reported as including
an estimate of an additional appropriation of
$2,000,000,000 for relief expenditures.
