3
Furthermore, comparison during the next two or three months will be with a period
of rising business activity last year, so that even if present levels of activity
were maintained, the margin of increase over a year previous might be expected to
show a considerable shrinkage. On the other hand, the expansion of privately
financed construction, especially in the residential field, indicates progress
toward recovery in the general field in which recovery has been inclined to lag
the heavy industries. Recovery in those industries has been indicated also by a
large increase in purchases of industrial equipment to make up for the obsolescence
that developed during the depression. Machine tool sales, for example, have risen
during the past few months to the highest levels since 1929. Expenditures on rail-
road equipment have not yet reached large volume, but the improvement in railroad
earnings of the past few months has been followed by reports of considerably in-
creased prospective expenditures on rolling stock and track supplies in the coming
months.
While the increase in business volume has been reflected in some further
reemployment of workers, the number of unemployed still continues very substantial,
possibly in the neighborhood of 10,000,000, although the figures are doubtful. A
further reduction in unemployment appears dependent on a considerable further reviv-
al in the durable goods industries.
Security Markets
Two months ago the government security market was just recovering from the
slump of August and September. It was also facing with some apprehension the re-
funding operations of December and the possible raising of bonus money in January.
As a consequence the market was nervous and unsettled. Since that time the December
financing has been carried through successfully and the Treasury put in possession
of a large cash balance. While the prices of government securities are not greatly
different from those of the middle of October the market is more active and steadier.
