throughout the world, however, the prospect for gold movements remains obscure,
and there appears to be as good reason for expecting a further inflow as for ex-
pecting any substantial withdrawal of gold from the United States.
The reduction of excess reserves by the Treasury operation had no ob-
servable effect upon the money market or upon business or financial sentiment.
For example, prices of government bonds and notes and of corporate bonds showed
virtually no change. This fact, so far as it goes, would appear to bear out the
view previously expressed in discussions of the Committee that excess reserves of
such very great magnitude as we have had may be reduced in part without having any
mechanical effect and without any adverse psychological effect in so far as it is
clearly understood that the object of the reduction is not credit restraint. On
the other hand, it should be pointed out (a) that the amount of the reduction was
not large, relatively to the total, and (b) that it was regarded as of a purely
technical and temporary nature.
II. Business and Financial Conditions.
After a period of hesitation, the security markets have shown renewed
strength, and all classes of bonds except the lower grade railroad bonds have
risen to the highest levels in a number of years. The best grade corporation
securities, in fact, have risen to levels that had not previously been attained
for 30 years. The Government bond market also has been fairly strong, although
prices have not risen above the levels reached last summer.
Industrial activity is beginning the new year at a relatively high level.
Activity in the automobile industry, which was one of the principal factors in the
autumn expansion, has lost momentum and can hardly be expected to do better than
hold its present level for the next couple of months, but construction contracts
have shown an unseasonal rise recently and there has been some expansion of rail-
road purchases of rails and other track supplies and of rolling stock. The textile
