Form No. 134
Office Correspondence
FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD
To Mr. Hamlin
From Lauchlin Currie
Date December 21, 1935.
Subject: The objective and modus
operandi of the 100% plan.
The main objective of the various 100% plans is to divorce the
creation of money (demand deposits) from the making of loans. As
long as these are linked as at present the monetary authority is going
to experience difficulty in bringing about an expansion of deposits
when people do not want to borrow (or banks to lend), and a contraction
of deposits when people want to borrow. If demand deposits were backed
by a 100% reserve there could be no multiple expansion and contraction
of deposits on the basis of a given increment or decrement of reserves.
If the plan were in operation at the present time, for example, the
excess reserves could create only an equal amount of deposits, not some
$30 billion as now.
The modus operandi differs with the different 100% plans. The
following plan is selected for discussion, as it involves the least
disturbance to the existing system:
1. All banks shall borrow the difference between their existing
reserve requirements and their total demand deposits from the reserve
banks on a non-interest bearing note. In this way banks can secure
100% reserve against demand deposits without disposing of any of their
earning assets.
2. New demand deposits would arise only from an inflow of cash
or gold and open market purchases by the reserve banks.
3. New demand deposits would put banks to additional expense and
yet would give rise to no additional income. In order to compensate
banks and avoid high service charges it is proposed that the reserve
banks pay the member banks an amount equal to the current yield on
government bonds on 85% of the increase in deposits. This is equitable
since the reserve banks when they buy securities increase their earnings
without increasing their expenses proportionately.
4. In case the payments to be made to the banks, plus the expenses
of the reserve banks exceed the reserve banks' income, the difference
shall be made up by the government.
5. If a member bank's demand deposits decrease below the level
prevailing at the inauguration of the plan it shall make a payment to
the reserve banks equal to the amount which would have been earned if
85% of the decrease had been invested in government bonds. This is
equitable since the bank's expenses declined with a decline in deposits
and yet it does not have to dispose of any of its earning assets, as
it would at present.
VOLUME 266
PAGE 51
16-853
