6
On the other hand, it may well be doubted whether reserves of such mag-
nitude as we have had in the past year, during which excess reserves have increased
$1,500,000,000, to almost double their size a year ago, have been in any way essen-
tial to recovery. It appears significant that much the greater part of the fall
of interest rates to their present low levels occurred prior to this year, and that
short-time money rates and highest grade bond yields, which should most clearly
reflect monetary influences, have changed but little from a year ago. It seems
very probable that with excess reserves of such extraordinary dimensions there
comes a point where further increases have no further constructive effects.
At such a point excess reserves may contain possibilities of positive
harm. There is the danger, for example, that excess reserves may give rise to
disproportionate bank investment in government securities. There is the danger
that banks may acquire government and other bonds at prices which later may not be
sustained. There is the danger that with money so freely available, states,
municipalities and the national government, and other borrowers as well, may be
tempted to over-borrow. There is the general fear which many people entertain
that excess reserves of the present magnitude must sooner or later set in motion
inflationary forces which, if not dealt with before they get strongly under way,
may prove impossible to control. There is the possibility also that the very fact
of such inordinately large excess reserves may, by causing foreign expectation of
favorable conditions for speculative investment, accentuate the gold inflow which
is the real source of our problem.
From this point of view there is much to be said for an increase of
reserve requirements sufficient to absorb some substantial amount of present excess
reserves. Such a step would reduce the excess reserves to a point where they are
more susceptible of being handled, once again, by the usual method of open market
operations; it would put them back to the volume of a year ago. As the reserves are
now widely distributed among the banks of the country, such an increase of requirements could
