(b) the cost of shipping Federal Reserve notes of the
1934 series to the Federal Reserve agents to replace
new Federal Reserve notes of the 1928 series held
by them;
(c) the cost of returning to Washington new Federal
Reserve notes of the 1928 series held by the Federal
Reserve agents; and
(d) the cost of destroying notes of the 1928 series re-
placed by notes of the 1934 series, if and when such
notes are destroyed.
Very truly yours,
H. Morgenthau, Jr.
Secretary of the Treasury.
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Washington, D.C.
PROPOSED REPLY.
Honorable H. Morgenthau, Jr.,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Washington, D. C.
Dear Mr. Morgenthau:
In compliance with the suggestion contained in your letter of December 13
with respect to the discontinuance of the issuance by the Federal Reserve banks
of Federal Reserve notes of the 1928 series which bear on their face the words
"Redeemable in gold", as soon as a sufficient stock of Federal Reserve notes of
the 1934 series is available to meet current requirements of the respective
banks, your letter was referred to the Governors at their conference in Washing-
ton on Wednesday of this week. After discussing this matter the Governors ad-
vised the Board that they are in accord with the procedure set forth in your
letter, with the understanding that, if Congress does not at the forthcoming
session authorize the Treasury to replace the stock of new Federal Reserve notes
of the 1928 series with notes of the 1934 series, the question as to whether the
Federal Reserve banks should resume paying out notes of the 1928 series will be
given consideration promptly after the adjournment of Congress.
It is understood, of course, the acquiescence of the Board and the
Federal Reserve banks at this time in the program outlined in your letter will
not in any way prejudice the right of the Federal Reserve banks to resume the
paying out of the existing stock of notes of the 1928 series in case the Trea-
sury Department is not authorized to replace this stock with notes of the 1934
series.
Very truly yours,
M. S. Eccles, Chairman.
After discussion it was voted that Governor Eccles' proposed reply be
approved.
Adjourne d at 12:50 o'clock p.m.
H. F. Strater,
Secretary.
