service to the Retirement System over a period of five years at maturity value
discounted at 2%.
Governors McKinney and Young are recorded as not voting.
TOPIC - REPORT OF COMMITTEE ON REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES.
Governor Fleming, Chairman of the Committee, submitted an informal report
on the progress made by the committee since the last Governors' Conference.
Adjourne d at 6:20 p. m.
The Conference reconvened at 12:30 p.m., on December 18, 1935, with the
same attendance as on the previous day, for the purpose of considering the fol-
lowing letter from the Hon. M. S. Eccles, Chairman of the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System, and copy of a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury:
Mr. J. U. Calkins,
Chairman of the Governors' Conference.
Dear Governor Calkins:
You will recall that at the last Governors' Conference held in Washington
on October 24, 1935, the Conference, during its joint meeting with the Board of
Governors, discussed in considerable detail the suggestion of the Secretary of
the Treasury that the Federal Reserve banks discontinue paying out new Federal
Reserve notes of the 1928 series which bear on their face the words "Redeemable
in gold" when notes of the 1934 series without that clause are available.
The Board is now in receipt of a letter from the Secretary of the Trea-
sur y , copy of which is attached, outlining the procedure which the Secretary
proposes to follow in connection with the discontinuance of the paying out of
notes of the 1928 series and with respect to the procuring of an appropriation
from Congress to defray the cost of replacing the stock of new notes of the 1928
series. There is also attached a draft of a proposed reply to the Secretary of
the Treasury. It will be appreciated if the Conference will consider this draft
and advise the Board whether the procedure set forth therein meets with its ap-
proval. If the Conference is of the opinion that a different procedure should
be followed, it will be appreciated if you will advise the Board in detail with
respect to the kind of reply the Conference recommends that the Board make to
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Very truly yours,
M. S. Eccles, Chairman.
