132A
December 20, Saturday. Preliminary Conference with Open Market Committee.
Present: Governor Harrison, Governor Rancher, Governor Young,
Deputy Governor Burgess, and Deputy Governor McKay of Chicago. Ogden Mills
also was present.
Governor Harrison went over again, as yesterday, the history of the
collapse of the merger of the four New York banks and the closing of the
Bank of the United States. He said that arrangements were practically
completed to raise 30 million dollars, or guarantee that amount for the
Bank of the United States, but that everthing hinged on the admission into
the clearing system of the Manufacturers' Trust Company and the Peoples'
Trust Company; that the Admission Committee of the Clearing House refused
to admit the Manufacturers Trust Company; that they placed a value on the
Company far below its real value; that the Manufacturers' Trust Company
and the Peoples Trust were now in good condition, and he did not worry
about them unless some new withdrawals should occur, which he did not
anticipate. He said that the reports of the New York state examiner as
to the Bank of the United States gave no reason to suspect its solvency,
although the Federal Reserve Bank did not like the management, and had done
its best to secure a new management by merging it with the other three banks.
Governor Harrison then took up his trip abroad. He said the central
banks wanted to come over, but he consulted with Governor Meyer, Mr. Mills,
and Mr. Cotton of the State Department, and they all felt that it would
be better for him to go there. (Governor Meyer never reported this to the
Board.) He said that France had done all it could to popularize foreign
investments, and had reduced the taxation on foreign bonds until it was
the same as domestic bonds; that this change had been so recent that it
had not had a fair trial.
Governor Harrison said he told the Bank of France that the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York would do all it could to arrange for the exportation
of long-time capital, but that the Bank of France must also do its share;
that he had a very satisfactory interview with Tardieu, and told him that
future participation of the United States in furnishing foreign capital,
depended on the attitude of France. Tardieu agreed, and said that France
would do all it could; that it would like to make a loan to Italy, but the
French people would only subscribe to loans for countries with whom they
were in sympathy, and that these were second class loans. He pointed out
the difficulty of getting political Governments to meet economic crises.
Governor Harrison said the English dole was once the question of
insurance, but had now become a pure gift; that England was almost destroyed
by taxation; that its difficulties were greater than any other country.
