he came in a fight to his comrades, and exclaimed,
"We are all found out! About me, the new
athletes, has told the King that there are
forty of us."
"There needed no philosopher to tell that,"
said the captain of the party. "The Athelstain, with
all his ample proportion, is a second fellow.
Forty chests having been taken, he naturally
guessed there must be forty thieves; and he
has made a good hit, that is all; still it is
judgment to watch him. He evidently has
made some strange discovery, one of which must
go through, after which he will be the Prince of this
colored house, and listen to his conversation with
his handsome wife; for he must be very fond
of her, and well, no doubt, will he take himself
to his bed and sleep as he has slept since he
has had no business to disturb him.
"Every body approved of the scheme; and even
after nightfall one of the thieves opened the door.
He arrived there just as the fellow had finished
his evening prayers, and his wife was giving him
his first date. He, said Athelstain, as he took it, there
is one of the forty."
The Thief, hearing these words, hastened in consultation to the gang, and told them that the
moment he took his post he had been possessed
by the infernal material knowledge of Athelstain, who immediately told his wife that one of them was
there. The spy's tale was not believed by his
hardened companions; some thing was suspected
to his fear; he might have been mistaken, on
which it was determined to send two men the
next night at the same hour. They reached the
house just as Athelstain, having finished his prayers,
had received the second officer and heard him exclaim, "My dear wife, to night there are two of
them."
The astonished Athelstain, and told them still
in meditation's comrades what they had heard. Their
men were accordingly out the third night, from
the fourth, and so on. Being afraid of undertaking
again the day, they always came as evening on, and
judged Athelstain returning his date; hence they all
at home heard him say that which then he was
