Appreciated to Miss Richmond by her Father
Accompanied by a booklet of Dorothy's New York,
In the form of a Heart.
My dear daughter, I offer my daughter a heart without sin,
That knows nothing of corruption and sin within!
A heart which you see as so obviously wrought,
That it can see through it without a doubt!
That its virtues are shining within it without,
To a truth which admits of no rational doubt;
Its character, Manly, is pure and sincere;
And its mind is clear, transparent and clear.
This is a heart that will bear the minutest inspection,
And never prove guilty of any deception;
That it was, that it is, that it will be
denounced as guilty or as you see it.
It may seem to be changed -- yes, it is so, I own --
That this heart, like so many, was hard as a stone;
It reveals all impressions which tend towards sin,
But of force be impelled, it immediately beats.
And this heart, if once broken, can never be healed,
For the least of its wounds may be concealed:
And though strong in texture, hard in its nature,
It is yourself, this poor heart is a delicate creature.
Remember are you the condition you were at your birth,
With the hearts that are pure, do you wish to be blessed
And moved for a heart that is often cruel, changed.
May the stone on your heart be removed for away,
And the opened affection alone bear the sway!
They will lead you to Jesus with honest steps,
With the power of his Righteousness sweetly alive.
May grace's resplendent as those of the stone,
With within and without, be found your own!
Let your heart be transparent, otherwise you are,
And your conduct will show for more than the face.
But should you offend, and for sin be heartbroken,
Behold on the cross there is mercy's brightest token!
The heart that is corrupt God will not despise,
The heart that is broken, and lays on Jesus' eyes.
Christ's love has no limit, then give Jesus thy heart,
For the Lord shall fill the spirit with comfort, step apart
To the heart of the Son, all evil will be thence,
In a glorious victory you will thence.
Sidney, October, 1871.
L.R.
