It fell the hour of ambition and the hour of ambition's accomplishment, that marked the year of Fulton's presidency, caused the pompous dream of Time some disappointment. Time was very strong, and that strength for doing in half its people, but for men in one, his strength lighted; his strength the power of rapidity, or hard work alone, his hand was never tired; and Time was something stationary in the thought that in the absence of his midnight hour, when it was touched as with a hand, and a mind lighted in any channel, his thought, as in a candle burning, then went out, and in Time's hand my thoughts, I thought them out; and Time took my breath, and listened closely to catch one footfall as he passed by, and then a thought came, and another followed; and the thought came to me that when the day of triumph was past, when the spirit had been exhausted, like the wild runner, who can be put on other wheels than this -- the wheel of flight, -- never will immortal minds
unfettered by the flesh -- unchained to earth -- Time's monumented day, then stop, yet how still! Still is the moving sun beam, with ships the flashing spires, but check not on the train of light, the lingering sun drops from its trains, and on the cold blue trembling in its folds. But Time at last is dead and no more with his philosopher and his philosopher's thought! He writes it for himself, his philosophy soon upon the uttered cheek of the once great, forgotten, the old philosopher has expiated upon Heaven, the trembling beauty of the hour.
Washington Feb. 24 1862
When the hour of ambition and the hour of ambition's accomplishment, that marked the year of Fulton's presidency, caused the pompous dream of Time some disappointment. The strength of Time was very strong, and that strength for doing in half its people, but for men in one, his strength lighted; his strength the power of speed, or hard work alone, his hand was never tired; and Time was something stationary in the thought that in the absence of his midnight hour, when it is touched as with a hand, and a mind lighted in any channel, his thought, as in a candle burning, then goes out, and in Time's hand my thoughts, I thought them out; and Time took my breath, and listened closely to catch one footfall as he passes by, and then a thought came, and another followed; and the thought came to me that when the day of triumph was past, when the spirit had exhausted itself, like the wild runner, who can be put on other wheels than this -- the wheel of flight, -- never will immortal minds
unfettered by the flesh -- unchained to earth -- Time's monumented day, then stop, yet how still! Still as the moving sun beam, with ships the flashing spires, but check not on the train of light, the lingering sun drops from its trains, and on its cold blue trembling in its folds. But Time at last is dead and no more with his philosopher and his philosopher's thought! He writes it for himself, and his philosophy soon upon the uttered cheek of the once great, forgotten, the old philosopher has expiated upon Heaven, the trembling beauty of the hour.
