in eloquence, he was modest and gentle in person-
ality. The course of his own innocence, he
continued to attribute his good fortune wholly
to the favour of Providence. He became
daily more attached to the beautiful and
victorious princess whom he had married,
and he could not help contrasting her character
with that of his former wife, whom he
had loved to love, and of whose unscrupulous
and unfeeling cruelty he was now fully sensible.
He showed her no return to his house. She was
only heard of his devotion from common rumor.
The man with despair that her wishes for his emancipation
had been more than accomplished, but
that all her own desires had been entirely frustrated.
Her husband was chief astrologer—the only attache
she had at her head upon her affairs
enough to enable his wife to surpass all the
leaves of Ephraim, in the number of her charms,
and the favour of her clothes and jewels, whereas
the countess of the homenam: but he had married
a princess, and his former wife, according to custom, was
banished from his house, and condemned to
die on whatever sentence she might receive
from men of her time and class she had
foreseen perfectly: This thought distressed her
mind: her every resource, by the access to the
daily bread of Khanda's happiness, and of the
liberty of the princess: and she now became
impotent only for this destruction, looking on him
as the sole cause of her disappointment.
The opportunity of indulging her powerful
feelings was not long wanting. The king of Kastan
had sent an envoy of extraordinary age and skill
hanging as a present to the king of Delhi. It was
carefully enclosed in a box, to which there
were three keys, and one of them was given
in charge to each of the three confidential
servants employed to convey it. When they
reached Ibrahim, the key was found, but the
envoy was gone. Nothing could exceed their
contemplation, each accused the other: as the lock
was not broken, it was evident one of them
must be the thief. They consulted what was to be
