But he is there released in death! He must go and convey
him to the universal judgment— we shall awake even from
our wildest dreams— but he will sleep on— till the
humility of God enwraps him in the judgment seat.
Who then, among you, is not prepared to follow Withoff?
Have him for he speaks to you— What then do you do by
your thoughts unrepresented and unrepresented you may be the most
unfortunate companion here in the grave— Then that sense of sin
and death— that undying soul— that spirit stamped with
the immortal courage of its Maker— Is it ever passed for
heaven, whether with all its boundaries, or parties can or
should depart from earth, an outcast from God— Is must be
endowed in eternal anguish! But I have a voice from the wafer
of that blessed, saying, What then do I do? I speak to
all— to you who sit under the influences of age— to you
who walk erect in the staple strength of manhood— to you
who have in the morning and evening vigor of life— for the
grave is crowded with your equals. And you may be the one
who overcomes the fall of that silent redress may be spared—
The character which you carry with you to the grave, you will
carry with you to the judgment seat of Christ. You will not pass
from me if it be easier, or increase me of its lighter shadow—for the
absence of the grave has never yet been interrupted by the sound
of any thing doing there. When the old age ceases toumble on the
casket, them, everyone all is darkness, darkness, silence, death!
The brave world wing more above them, but they know it not!
The wiser of creatures wing revel in their shadowy, but they
know it not! Afflictions may go there to linger, and to weep,
but they know it not! There where they left here among the
livings, may go down on the cold knees to join them, but there
will be no question— no greeting— no reply— they are laid into
the silence and immutability of death! But grave still among
the living, but I hear a voice again, and last from the tenant
of that chamber— What then do I do? I speak to quietness and
motionless stillness! The quietude of this favored society is
the most helpless harbinger of ruin. The water is collected near the
verge of the precipice. While I am speaking, the icy hand of
death may be setting down upon me in this precipice, lay
that hand to your heart—if it beat again— spread that breath
in prayer for sending mercy!!
