The following oratory was pronounced at the
funeral of Cadet Lieut. Schloff, of Independence,
Louisiana, who died at the Military Academy
in Charleston, S.C. — Feb. 12, 1865.— By the
Rev. W. Colson, Chaplain to the Academy.
But a few days since and Schloff moved among us as the man he is
for all— the years of his career closed— the movement of his
army over— the banner of his military head— all still held
strongly to his devote within him— but how he has since passed
it down under the cold hand of death!
He will never again be seen gliding from his apartment
to fill his place in your minds— the voice of his footsteps will
never again answer to the deep roll of the marching drum!
But never will he be dead, but it will not cause him from his
rest, the battle that sends his mortal death for the cold despair
of the game! Schloff I who can think of thee— of thy untiring
hours— the province of thy many virtues— the pledges of thine
united work— and not dissolve in grief over the nation's griefs
but who has now heard, and heard thy latest prayer— but
thinks of prayer— dear departed one— no parent with him—
being separate from over the dying couch! no sister with under
obstinately anticipated the enemy's want— thy dying words were spoken in
a stranger land— but there were those around thee, strongly
attested by thy worth— those who thinned at every hope of thy—
and who spoke for strongly and just when they stood
up— and there are those who with breaking hearts, will hold
their in long remembrance. Soldiers!— Scholar!— Friend—
Companion— rest in rest!
Comrades of Schloff! ye who arose with him at the earliest
light, and with him stood on the solemn parade where we kneaded
our morning prayer to heaven— ye who with him leaped
over the barrier of light in the deep drift of thought— and with
him kindled the lamp over the march of some mighty mind—
come up around his grave, gather close about his coffin's edge—
for though he died, he speaks to earth of you— What thou doest do
quickly? Who can understand the energy of those words? Then
pale circles of death! I were treason not to hear thee now!
"What thou doest do quickly" for there is an emphatic in those
words redoubled by their grace is going in life to the cold want nothing
of the thread.
Who is there among your ranks, men vigorous in your army
more courageous in your hope of many days than Schloff? None!
he was a strong man, that seemed to hold an party with Liberty no
compromise with the infamy of our nature.
