that I suppose despised power of a deputy." The company at
table shared all a declaration is offered to his distinction
& principles --" and continued he or nobody to their engineering locks
I wish I was a deputy that I might save the noble, the honest
& fair Texas from that one daily falling sacrifice to the ambition
of their irresponsible & to the wants of his own."
"And are you not authority to save them on the
public ground?" asked one of the company
"No" answered the J. "Only an armed guard could save them
from the unnecessary falling of a line, & since the growth of sentiment
causes to me a most bitter sort of murder -- it pains me to an
unquestionable degree."
It was partly from this tone of nature, that he related
Conrad's boarding-house being thrown able to enjoy the beautiful
& solemnous prospect described above, there he had a separate
boarding-room for the reception of his visitors in all other respects
he lived on a perfect equality with his fellow boarders, sat at
the common table. Even here, or far from taking precedence of
the other members of Congress, he always placed himself at the utmost
end of the table. Mrs Brown, the widow of the senator from Kentucky
declared that a rent could be offered them at the upper end,
near the fire, if not on account of his rank as an incumbent, at least
as the oldest man in the company -- but the idea was rejected by
his democratic friends, he occupied during the whole dinner the
second to called seat at a long table at which a company of men
from thirty seats Even in the day of his inauguration
when he entered the Senate hall no other
seat was offered him by the gentlemen. Mr Brown from an opinion
which he said he could not resist, offered him his seat,
but he eminently declined it, I think this usual place at the
bottom of the table. He said he felt indignant, & for a moment at
least held the levelling immeasurably of principle of democracy,
though his husband was a jealous democrat. Certainly there was every
equity rather too far. There is no incompatibility between patriotism &
republicanism -- grace cannot weaken & redress cannot strengthen a
good cause, but democracy is more jealous of the power & privilege than
even despotism.
At the time the only place for public worship in our
new city was a small, a very small frame building at the bottom
of Capitol hill. It had been a tobacco house belonging to Daniel Carroll
it was purchased by a few disinterested persons for a more useful
purpose as a church in the pleasant & modest manner. Twenty
five first ministers, the Jefferson regularly attended service on the
sabbath-day in their humble churches. The congregation seldom
exceeded 50 or 60, but generally consisted of about a score of persons.
It would have no medicine for this regular attendance, but
that of respect for public worship -- division of place or preeminence
he had not as thus, with the exception of a little Catholic chapel
was the only church in the neighborhood. The custom of preaching
in the hall of Representatives had not then been attempted, though
after it was established Mr Jefferson during his whole age
