administration was a most regular attendant. The seat during
the first day sabbath, 2 to 3, at any one of the congregations
was occupied, and was afterwards by the courtesy
of the congregation always left for him to his secretary.
I have called these Sunday assemblies in the Capitol a
congregation, but the almost exclusive appropriation of that word
to religious assemblies, presents its own difficulty. It is
applied in the present case, since the gag company
who met through the H.R.S. looked very little like a
religious assembly. The occasion presented for Douglas was
not only a novel, but a memorable one for the youth,
many of them of the age, large town & county. The members
of which gladly gave up their seat for such hard auditors, &
either crowded in the galleries or moved the front places, or
placed behind the ladies of their acquaintance. This sabbath
the mayor became so fashionable that the floor of the house
became insufficient space, the platform where the Speaker's
chair & every spot where a chair could be used in was crowded
with order in their gayest costume & their attendant
servants who were led from their seats to the galleries with
the same gallantry as is exhibited in a ball room. Smith's
voice, election may move the only lettering marked their
recognition of each other, & though the platform of the service
often, when not a lady would leave her seat a lid to her
head of hair would pass through the crowd.
to one of the fine places where she could laugh & talk at her
own. Douglas in one of the offices of the house, followed
by his attendant with a quiet dog over his shoulder, precisely
at 12 o'clock would make his way through the hall to the department
of letters to put him in the mail-box, which sometimes had a
most ludicrous effect, & always attracted attention from the procurator.
The minute was a curious little union with occasional
changes at the place. The marine corps band, under the supervision
of their secretary of instruments, made quite
a dazzling appearance in the galleries. The marchers then played
some good & imposing, but in their attempts to accompanie
the salutings of the congregation the complete failed &
after a while the practice was discontinued -- at once too
ridiculous.
Not only the chaplains, but the most distinguished clergymen
who visited the city, furnished in to Capitol, Lieutenant General
Mr. Everett afterwards a convenient of Congress delivered an eloquent
& vigorous discourse to a most thronged & admiring audience. That
is a political orator. In afterwards became for anyone eloquent
& more admired. Preachers of every sect & denomination
of Christians more than admitted, Catholic, Lutheran, Quaker
with every interfering division of sect, from German came
stood on the Speaker's chair & declined the assistance of
the platform & thus justified eloquence, in the national hall.
When Frederick the Great commenced his reign, in order
to enforce universal toleration in religion he interfered
with the state of the church.
