The election of President by Congress was then pending, one vote given
or withheld would decide the question between the Jefferson and Mr. Burr.
Mr. Burrard from Delaware had that vote. He with other influential
and leading members went to a hall given by the law. The night was
dark and rainy, and on their attempt to return home, the coachman lost
his way. A watch dog barked, and the coach galloped away. The whole
of it not mentioned here. The death of Mr. Burrard was momentary in shape
of being done an accident which might have cost some of
the gentlemen their lives, and it so happened that the company
in the coach consisted of Mr. Burrard and three other members of Congress
who had a leader in decisive influence in the difficult organs of
public affairs. The loss of action might have turned the scales,
but so nicely poised. And it been so, the President would have been elected
to the Presidency what an awful conflict, what cruel commotion
would have ensued!
At Louisville, Louisville houses were on the south side of Capitol
Hill and commanded an extensive and beautiful view. It was on the
top of the hill, the precision fields of which were covered with
grasses, bushes and trees in their wild unutilized state. Between the foot of
the hill to the bank of the Ohio extended a plain, through which
the Ohio wound its way to the Ohio River. The romantic beauty of this
plain was not then deformed by abandon to other works of man's art. The banks
were shaded with tall and magnificent forest trees of every variety, among which
the Cypress, Bald Cypress, pine, oak, magnolia, the cedar, the
hawthorn, the willow, rose and many other indigenous species grew luxuriously,
beneath their shade, whose violet, amaranth and thousand other eminent
wood flowers showed ground shelter among their roots, from the wooden
forts and palisades with the earliest bloom the autumn of spring. The
wild grape vine climbing from tree to tree hung in boughs
in impromptu luxuriance among the branches formed in fragrant
and verdant canopies over the green mound, conspicuous to the
near observer. Beautiful banks of wild roses, delightful with
fragrant flowers! Here like a dream do go the now effaced. These trees, these
bushes, these flowers are gone. Many of their waters have displaced
the charms of nature. The quiet, the botanist, the sportsman or
the tourist must reach far hence the shades in which they delight
not only the barbar of the tribes, but those of the descendants of
Genesee were at this period adorned with native trees and shrubs
and distinguished by as romantic scenery as any rivers in our
country. Indeed the whole Ohio was ornamented with groves of
clumps of forest trees which gave at the appearance of a prime
period such as grew on the public grounds could to have been
preserved but in a government such as ours, where the people are
overseas they could not be done. The people the poorer inhabitants
cut down these noble and beautiful trees for fuel. In one single night
seventy tables of plan were girdled, and the Indians, the settlers
or their agents required cut off at their houses by the people.
Nothing afflicted the Jefferson more than the wanton destruction
of fine trees scattered over the city grounds. I remember on
one occasion (at one after he was President) his declaring "Has it
not been a great crime to destroy the trees?"
