the different orders of society. His personal demeanor, simple
& affable, as it was, had a restraining dignity which repelled
none familiarly & promoted the intention of promoters or
ambitious individuals. In this home circle, it may be called
the happiness apparent to the greatest advantage to a man.
Public station & public cares were equally loud aside, while
the father of the family, the friend, the companion,
the man of letters, the philosopher, charmed all who were
not addicted to his boreate society. His grand children, would
stand by his side while he was conversing with his friends,
& quite calm in his knee, or lean against his shoulder & hear
without interrupting the flow of conversation, would quietly
carpet them. Grand & communicative, he would give
even to earth, he would talk of even any thing & anything they
that interested him. These around him -- some of his friends
most delighted in hearing him talk of himself, of convenience
abroad -- the character & causes that have filled
under his observation -- these he delineated with such
vividness & fidelity that the impression they made
on himself, were transformed to impressions on his hearers &
that kind of sympathy to an exercise which might render with
mind & heart with heart.
Those who have enjoyed his society, in their home circle,
will acknowledge that it was there they most admired & loved
Mr Jefferson, & will thus justify an assertion of one of his
most indolent & unattacked political opponents: "No one
said Judge B----n. (judge of the supreme court) can honor
Mr Jefferson & be his personal enemy. Few, if any, are
more opposed to him on a political ground than I am, a
unit recently, bitterly disdained him as a man as well as a
politician."
And how was that dislike removed?
By travelling three days together, three days. I was on one
of my southern circuits, & was in a public stage found myself
seated by his side. I did not know him when he was
neither did he know me for the first day we travelled together.
But conversed like travellers on general & common place
subjects -- By degrees the conversation became more specific
& interesting -- political as well as other topics were discussed.
I was highly pleased with his frankness & remarks for though
he defended on many points his disbelonged sentiments --
probably a freedom from prejudice, that at that period even an
angel. There was a mildness & amenity in his voice & manner
that at once subdued every of the aspirations of party spirit. But
I felt, for once, I did not converse long with the continued
discussion that it was a democrat & a federalist.
It might be the conclusion of our day's journey, when we
left the carriage, the first meeting of the host, made known
to me that my fellow travellers were Mr Jefferson. He
was informed immediately of my name -- we travelled two
other days together & at the end of our journey, parted
friends, though still of diametrically opposed sentiments, diametrically
opposed; to this I must repeat, that no one can be
personally acquainted with Mr Jefferson & cannot have
known Jefferson. The value of the testimony thus given in Mr Jefferson's
favour, will be more sensibly felt by the knowledge of Judge
B----n's opinion on his political opinions. On
an occasion when he had the company of a bar dinner at his
table, along with other company, some of them ladies, as
usual when the wine was circulating after dinner, toasts were
given, a young lady whose called upon for a toast
gave "Mr Giles," Judge B. looked astonished, & almost angrily
declared, while he struck the table violently with his hand,
"You had better give the devil next!!"
If this man did full justice to Mr Jefferson, whose
political character he looked upon in the same light as
that of Mr Giles --
