When he had any intimate intimate he entertained a confidential friend
at dinner with him, with whom he used to enjoy a free
& unobstructed confidential flow of conversation, the
number of persons at table was limited, never exceeding
2 by each individual was placed a dumb-walker, which
contained every thing necessary for the progress of the dinner
from beginning to end, so as to make the present attendance
of servants entirely unnecessary, believing as he did that
much of the domestic & even public discord was produced
by the mutilated & misconstrued reflections of private
conversations at dinner tables by these mute, but not
inventive listeners. William McClane & Caleb Lownds,
both distinguished & well known citizens of Philadelphia
were united together to one of these dinners—Mr. McClane
who had travelled over great part of Europe & after a long
residence in Paris, had paid returned to the U. S. states, could
of course impart a great deal of important & interesting
information with an accuracy & fullness unattainable
through the medium of letters. Interesting as were the topics
of his discourse, Mr. Jefferson gave him his whole attention,
but closely as he listened, Mr. McClane spoke so low, that, although
seated by his side, the President, scarcely heard half that
was said. "You need not speak so low, sir," said Mr Jefferson
with smiling, you see we are alone, & our walls have
no ears. I have so long been living in Paris, where the
walls have ears, & the neighbors, that I have contracted
this habit of speaking in an undertone."
be then described the system of espionage established through
out France & which provided the most private means of
obtaining information among all classes of persons & was sure to
institute an overseer & where a police spy was to be placed
among the servants of every family, be on the employment
of the police.
If his moral character satisfied the company seldom
ever exceeded fourteen, including himself & his secretary.
The invitations were not given from one evening to the next
of late years, philosophically, but his guests were generally
selected in reference to their taste, habits, & capabilities
in all respects, which attention had a wonderful effect
in making his parties more agreeable. Their dinner
parties usually all: this limited number presented
the company's distinguished little friends & company in
or under times separate conversations, a custom so common
& almost unavoidable in a large party. At Mr Jefferson's
table the conversation was general; every guest was entertained
& entertained in whatever topic was desired
to each an opportunity was afforded for the exercise
of his original freedom & the stream of conversation
thus animated by such various contributions flowed on
full speed & animated: of course he took the lead &
gave the time with a tact & true discriminating.
But he seldom occupied his time, which aim was to
draw out conversation & grant them full liberty to
inform each other of each other's thoughts & to liberate every
one in an advantageous light & by being pleased with
themselves he enabled to please others. Did he perceive any
individual silent & unwilling to do would make him
the object of his peculiar attention & in a manner of
pretext the most understanding would draw him into notice
& make him a participant in the general conversation.
One instance will be given, which will better illustrate
Mr Jefferson's manner. This tract in Morpheus, containing
prescriptions at his table, than any verbal description
on an occasion when the company was composed
of several distinguished persons & the conversation
