to celebrate it with proper respect.— The only birthday
I desire ever annually commemorated, metaphorically is
that of our Independence—the Fourth of July.— During
his administration it was a gala day in our city.
The well uniformed & well appointed militia of the District
with their band of music, quartered throughout the
navy-corps a fine other military companies, paraded
through the avenue & formed on the open space in
front of the President's house, where, from appearance
of martial music, exciting the scene,
exhilarating the spirits of the troops of people
who poured in from the country & adjacent towns,
at that time there were no buildings, in the
neighbourhood of the President's house, but a wide extended
open space, pleasant & grassy common, where the inhabitants
found pleasant walks & the broad & spacious
paths. It exhibited really a charming & lively scene
on this national festival. Temporary tents & boats were
erected scattered over the surface for the accommodation
of the gay crowds, who poured in from every direction
from every part of the country as the marchers
passed by. The President stood upon the steps of the
house, receiving & returning salutations from every
official personages who surrounded him. After this review, the soldiers
were dismissed to mingle with their fellow citizens
on the common, while the officers in a body went to the
President's house, where the great hall (not then divided, as it now is)
was filled with company, in order
to advantage the collected beauty of fashion, the wealth &
respectability of the inhabitants of the District of Columbia.
Tables in each corner of the large room were covered
with light mahogany confectionary, wines, punch, lemonade
&c. &c., where without the intervention of servants, the company
could partake of their refreshments. There was little
form or ceremony observed at these reunions. Every one
on these entitled short hands with the President, who stood
with a cheerful courtesy behind a curtain in the centre of
the Drawing-Room to receive them. After the interlude
of a few sentences, gave place to other & crowded with
the various groups that promenaded the other apartments,
the national airs played by the Marine Band, who even
dotted in the hall awakened patriotic feelings, as well
as gaiety—no one could forget that it was the Fourth of July.
About three o'clock the company would disperse, the
ladies to return home, the gentlemen to re-assemble at
the great public dinner, where the most respectable citizens
connected with the government, the President excepted
together with the foreign ministers, united in celebrating
the day, with music, wine, & eloquence; for the toasts
written on the occasion were always followed with a speech
or a song. [Such forty years ago was the manner in
which the Fourth of July was commemorated as in Washington
what a change since then!
