The picture this gentleman has drawn of his Jefferson
is a more characterative in which those who personally
knew him cannot discover a trait of resemblance. If his
dress was plain, and sometimes old fashioned in its
form, it was always of the finest materials in his personal habits he was fastidiously neat, and in his
manners he was simple, affable & unassuming, it was
not because he was ignorant of, but because he despised
the conventional & artificial usages of courts a
fashionable life. His complexity never degenerated into
vulgarity, nor his affability into familiarity. On the contrary there was a natural & quiet dignity in his demeanour that often produced a degree of restraint in those
who conversed with him, unfavorable to that free interchange of thought & feelings which constitutes
the greatest charm of social life. Jefferson's residence
in foreign foreign courts never deprived him of that polish
to his manners, which courts require, & though
physically of ease, they were deficient in grace.
His honor external appearance had no influence upon
a course of action and Jefferson's personal attraction
he professed & used as a countenance becoming with
repulsiveness & intelligence.
He was called even by his friends, a notional man, full of
odd fancyes in little things. It must be confessed that even his
local domestic arrangements were full of contrivances inconveniences
as he called them, frequently his own & never met with by
other houses. Jefferson's independence was more independent
of the state than his practical was sacrificed to the fanciful.
as was evident to the most superficial observer, in the location
& structure of his house at Monticello. What could have induced your
father, asked a friend, to build his house on this mountain peak
a place so distant of all other human habitation & so exposed
within a wider sphere every drop of water must be brought from
the bottom of the mountain & above the soil is so parched &
sterile that it is to be feared his lawn, his garden
will all be burned up? I have heard my father say, reflecting his
daughter, that when quite a boy, the top of this mountain was
his favorite retreat here he would bring his books to study
& spend his holiday & leisure hours that he never dreamed of
gazing on the sublime & beautiful scenery that spread around
bounded only by the horizon, or the far off mountains; & that
the indescribable delight he then enjoyed so attached him
to this spot, that he determined that when arrived at manhood
he would here build his family mansion.
The same fanciful disposition characterized all his architectural
plans & house hold arrangements, & even in the President's house more
introduced some of these favorite contrivances, many of them really
useful & convenient. Among these, there was in his dining room
an invention for introducing the dinner without the opening
a shutting of doors, a set of circular shelves were so continued
in the wall, within room that on touching a spring they turned
into the room locked with the dishes placed on them by the servants without the wall, & by the same process the removed
dishes were easily conveyed out of the room.
