in the President's House, nor such a variety of the honest and most
costly munus. In his entertainments, republican simplicity was omitted
to an European delicacy, while the absence of splendour of profession
was more than compensated by the neatness of order & elegant
convenience that preceded the whole establishment.
He secured the services of the best domestics not only by
giving the highest wages, but more especially by his uniform
public moderation & kindness & by the interest he took in their
comfort & welfare without an individual exception they all
became personally attached to him & it was remarked by
an inmate of his family, that their most cheerful domestic
attendance, seemed more like that of humble
friends than of mercenary menials. During the whole
time of his residence here, tho changes, no disappointments took
place in, well ordered household & when that time expired
each individual on leaving his service, was enabled by his
generous interference, to form some advantageous establishment
for themselves, & in leaving him, just as if they
had lost their father. Consequence in kindness he
never deliberately attempted to their wants & superfluities, or
criticizing his own convenience to their comfort on one
occasion, when the family of one of his domestics
had had the horriying cough, he sented by a lady who
resided at some distance from the city, requesting
her to send him the recipe for a remedy, which
he had heard her say had proved effectual in
the case of her own children when labouring
under this disease. This lady refuses another
instance of his kind consideration, she was selling
but noticed a piece of furniture, of a rather singular
form as she was passing through a small parlour
leaning on his arm & struck by its beauty in
well as novelty, stopped to examine its use. He touched a spring,
the little doors flew open, a disordered cabinet, a potlet of water,
a decanter of wine, a plate of light cakes, & a night- taper.
I often sat up late, said he smiling, & my wants are thus
provided for without keeping the servant up."
The place of coachman, was better than a concierge,
in his handsome character & four beautiful noble horses were
never used except when his daughters visited him. He paid no
ride & when he would go out it was always on home back reason.
It was then he enjoyed solitude, surrounded only by the works of
nature of which he was fond, lover & great admirer
of nature he used to explain the most orderly pattern the wildest
bands of the continent. He was particularly fond of botany,
not a plant from the border woods to the distant tree occupied
his notice, dismounting from his horse he would climb
rocks or woods through swamps to obtain any plant he
discovered or desired & seldom returned from these excursions
without a benefact variety of specimens of the plants
he had met with.
One day at the dinner table he suddenly
declared, "I wish I supposed despotism power!" all ladies
surprised & one of the company said, "You! what for despotism
power?" Yes, replied Mr Jefferson, for by no other means
can I preserve the noble forest trees that are still left in
different parts of the city. It seems to me, to hinder
needlessly to cut down trees that have been the growths
of ages, yet I am powerless, I cannot prevent the reckless
destruction of the lofty poplars & innumerable cabs that is going on. Such trees would to be cut up for firewood
trees that would form such noble ornaments for our
infant metropolis! -- let I cannot save them!
Why not purchase them since they are to be
sold?" asked one of the guests --
"The President of the U. S. has no funds for
such a purpose," replied Mr Jefferson
