he formed a plan which he believed would promote har
mony between the different numerous religious sects.
This was to erect a spacious Institute, or Temple, in which
at different hours the public service of all & each of the
Christian denominations might be performed. The disaffected
the subject with Tolteir who with some difficulty convinced
him of its impracticability, & that the religious prejudices
which divided Christians, were too strong to be conquered either by
either reason or despotism powers in the capital the principal
idea of this philosophical monarch has been realized, without
corruption without contradiction. Its Congregations consist of
themselves of even proportion with the number of their
members & the two Houses of Congress have established
the two Houses of Congress who have attempted in the matter
of the Representatives some opposition was made both to an
American Catholic a sentiment, but did not succeed. Clergy
men who during the Session of Congress in the city were
invited by the churches to preach; & those distinguished
professional illustrators & ministers were evidently gratified by
attending such an opportunity for the exercise of their talents &
their zeal. The admission of female preachers has been justly
condemned; curiously, rather than pretty attracted through on
such occasions. The civility which characterizes the Sabbath-day
gatherings in the capital in former years has long yielded to a
more decorous & reverent demeanor. The attendance of the Session
of Congress was soon diminished, & various regulations made, which
have received a serious & unauthorized attention to the religious
services of the day.
for several years after the seat of government was fixed at Washington,
there were but two small churches, the Roman Catholic Church in 3d Street
& the Presbyterian Church at the post of Capitol hill; with many small
private dwellings, houses in 1837 there were 22 churches of which 10
on Sunday used to be the day universal day for worship & celebration
events. Only a few, very few of the gospel religion now allow prayer or
revival meetings. There was one sermon delivered by Mr. Buchanan
at the commencement of the war that was deemed quite profitable
either intended or not, has provisions upon which a general, fulfilled
the Lord's command, preached upon in a most & fidelity, that he
looked on natural talent or acquired knowledge, & in the plainest
& boldest language of reproachment addressed the members of
congress & officers of government present on that occasion. The
subject of his discourse was the observance of the Sabbath.
After enlarging on its presented duties, he went into a
detailed vehemently declared on the neglect of these duties
particularly by the higher classes & in this city, more especially
by the persons connected with the government. He constantly
urged them then testimony to him, with a description of
the holy day, by their devoting it to amusement to society
emphatically condemning the dinner parties given at
the White-House & then addressing himself to the members
of congress, accused them of violating the day, by laws they had
made particularly the carrying the meal on the Sabbath to
commemorated, the men & horses employed for this purpose
through the union & went into details striking & impressive
