our gathering forces upon an accident to their ships
It is possible, however, that they may have a greater
force in respect one than has been represented as that
their strength may be greater than their strength.
I send you a message last night by Col. M. W.
one today by a messenger of Genl. W. who says
only at a moment when it was impossible to write
I have detained Shariden that I might give you by him
some final & certain information. We expect every
hour to learn something further from the Camp concerning
the enemy. If it should be of a nature to
make it impossible to return to the Camp you will
not see us this evening, otherwise I hope I shall
be well with you in the evening though late in the
evening
Your devoted husband
J. Madison
Monticello Thursday Morning
My dearest,
We arrived here about half an
hour by now, we had a hot ride but have not
suffered from it. The ladies inquired affectionately
after you and are the message with which you
charged me, none of the dependents were with Mr
Jefferson. We set out this forenoon for the City
with whom we shall dine & pass the night
& tomorrow morning proceed for Rockfish Gap
I fear I shall not have an opportunity for some
days of writing & it will not reach Ol' Hamilton
Saturday I shall however, take every
opportunity I can as yet make no griefs are of
the time we shall be detained, I hope it will
not be many days, I shall not lose a moment
in getting home, the situation in which I left
my mother & sister would hasten many of other
motives were wanting than my anxiety to
be again with you
Your devoted husband
J. Madison
P.S I find by a letter from the President to
Mr Jefferson of same date with his one to me
that he expected to leave Washington soon about
Friday for London & to come on thence to
Albemarle with his family
Washington Oct 21st
Your second letter my health of the 26th continued
on the 28th of this month, received a flattering, my anxiety
with which I hope you will recover, & your safe return
to Washington I am glad to find you so determined in
your adherence to the principles of the country. Be assured that
I am
your
Jefferson
