It was the design, as was generally understood, after paying this
respect to the new President, that citizens should go to the President's
House to pay a forcible visit to Mr Jefferson, but to the surprise
of every one, he himself, was among the visitors at Mr Madison's.
A lady who was on terms of intimacy with the ex-President
& could therefore take that liberty, after telling him that the
present company & citizens generally deemed to impose
this last opportunity of assuring their respect by visiting on
him, added her hopes that he would be at home to receive
them. Unrefreshed her presence at every hour have been to
disappoint our former supporters to my friends, & multiplied his to
leave this opportunity of joining with my fellow citizens in their
demonstration "This day should be cautiously my friend's" re-
plies he, "I am too happy to be here, to remain at home."
"But indeed Sir you must receive us, you would not let
all these ladies -- all your friends find an empty house, for
at any rate we are determined to go, & to show that even
on this glad occasion, the regret we feel on leaving you."
The countenance expressed emotion, he made no reply, but bowed
expressively. The lady had no positive information to give those
who had requested her to inquire whether Mr Jefferson would receive
company, but watching his motions, found that after a little
while he had left the orderly stilled through the crowd --
left the room. This she communicated to the company, who
with one accord determined to follow him to the President's
house. It was evident that he had not expected this attention from his friends & fellow citizens, as his whole interior-hall
had gone forth to witness the ceremonies of the day -- he was alone --
not therefore the less happy, for not one of the eager crowd
that followed Mr Madison, was as anxious as himself, to show
every possible mark of respect to the new President.
How memorable was this last interview! -- Every one present seemed
to feel it so, & each in turn shook hands with him, their coun-
tenance expressed more forcibly than their words the respect
they felt on leaving one who had been the uniform friend of
the city & the citizens with whom had lived on terms of hospita-
lity & kindness.
In the evening there was an Inauguration Ball.
Mr Jefferson was among the first that entered the Ball-
room; he came before the President's arrival -- "Am I too early?"
he said to a friend, "You must tell me how to behave -- for it
is more than forty years since I have been to a ball."
On the course of the evening, some one remarked
to him, "you look so happy & satisfied Mr Jefferson, that you
won't the President's appointment; & Mr Madison looks so serious
not to say, sad, that a spectator might imagine that you were
the one coming in, & be the one going out of office."
"There's good reason for my happiness & his sorrow looks,"
replied Mr Jefferson, "Shane got the barther off my shoulders,
while he has now got it on his."
Thus closed Mr Jefferson's eight years residence in
Washington. The constant interest he had taken in the improve-
ment of the city -- the frank hospitality he had extended to
the citizens, made his departure the subject of general regret.
