but few moments in the day for the ordinary business of the Board, which is very considerable & much of it, apparently of little, is really of material importance.
I was in great hopes that when I should be able to write you on Thursday evening but I fear it may be a day
latter. By the arrival of Mr. Johnson we have a board of 5 visitors & something may be taken up which otherwise might not have been. You may be sure that no effort will be omitted on my part to secure his conclusion. Mr. Danvers of course is jealous in his efforts also, indeed, the feeling is sufficiently operative in all, at all events I wish you to give notice to the post office to send me nothing more for me. I have not forgotten the books, Mr. Tucker promised to bring them to day. They are not all of them well in the family to which he belongs, but none are useless indispensable. The child has a cough which is thought to be the commencement of the whooping one. I have my calls on the tail still to make, we purpose to drink tea this evening with Mr. Tucker & shall endeavour to give Mr. Danvers lessons at least, but our inclement situation will be an apology if it should be prevented. I have seen very early for the sake of this letter which is written by candle light & in haste.
Ed. Ogle you deserves young
J. Madison
but few moments in the day for the ordinary business of the Board, which
is very considerable & much of it, apparently of little, is really of material importance.
I was in great hopes that when I should be able to write you on Thursday evening but I fear it may be a day
later. By the arrival of Mr. Johnson we have a board of 5 visitors & something may be taken up which otherwise might not have been. You may be sure that no effort will be omitted on my part to secure his conclusion. Mr. Danvers of course is jealous in his efforts also, indeed the feeling is sufficiently operative in all, at all events I wish you to give notice to the post office to send me nothing more for me. I have not forgotten the books, Mr. Tucker promised to bring them to day. They are not all of them well in the family to which he belongs, but none are useless indispensable. The child has a cough which is thought to be the commencement of the whooping one. I have my calls on the tail still to make. We purpose to drink tea this evening with Mr. Tucker & shall endeavour to give Mr. Danvers lessons at least, but our inclement situation will be an apology if it should be prevented. I have seen very early for the sake of this letter which is written by candle light & in haste.
Ed. Ogle you deserves young
J. Madison
My dear Lord,
I wrote you by the mail of Tuesday & hoped it would be the last from this place with fair weather that ever reaches you. It appears now not to be certain that it shall be after Tuesday away even tomorrow (except long exertion) however will be made to effect it. The Examination did not here tell last night your attendance for the other business undone during that long period & is found of greater amount & importance than was at first apparent. The mail of yesterday brought me these letters & a few of the papers read at the same time. I cannot express my anxiety to be with you; I hope never again to be so long from you being weeks deprived of office.
Yours A.M.
University Dec 14th
My dearest if you think it not inconvenient to add Mr. C to our little dinner today it may be well to do so as he is at the same house with Mr. S. Inclosed is an invitation as an invitation which you will send or not as you please
Aug 17th
I hope my dearest, you received a letter written by the last mail I write this in haste just to tell you that Mr. Ogle was well & that I am making every attempt to get over the necessary business with a hopes
