with theft which all fired salutes, firing up men
& officers (in returning a signal that the deck
was on board).
at the state R. was received w. Knights humor-
the sailors were lined up -- the band was playing
and the Lord High Admiral in chief bedecked a
uniform it's not. could have done credit to a
cannibal chief received him & they went off to
market the state. Later I merely went
w. the women & children & took a look at
the yard. Later the sailors retired -- the band
played -- the guns roared -- we departed.
I thought it could have been more courteous
if R. had invited me to join the cars walk
with them -- but I suppose the States of the
Rescue Bd is so low that this old man has
been dead w. out democratizing the service!
Left this evening for N.Y. via Iowa City
left 12. hour.
Left for Independence 10.04 am.
left 13. hour.
Addressed Indiana St. Ladies Association
Skinned railing.
In the afternoon Sec. H. made a short
address.
Hugh Hanna came to meeting to see me.
I told the audience he was more than
any living man entitled to credit of
bit of 1900. He told me that in his
opinion the Gold Dome Committee first
started counting on a second ballot.
see he told me that the Red Ball Comm. objected
against his & the Presdts plan for branches --
20. Union. of Fed. Res Bns: said the subject
was discouraging & he was evidently much
troubled about it. It was suggested that
it be recommitted to the Comm. to report
back a plan for amending law to permit
Union. use to own stock in a matter about.
Miller objected to any recommittal -- said
country was slend up at attempt to
take influence the Bd. Finally it was
recommitted but an interim or rather a
statement was given to Pres. that the Secy
& Presdts remittee were not approved. I was
informed that Sec. H. finally agreed to the
statement given out although he did not
approve its contents.
The statement shed not have gone out -- it was
a direct slap at Meador & the Presdts & was
so constructed by the papers editorially -- the N.Y.
Even Post- Phil. Ledger - N.Y. Sun (See Sec. Bd.)
Meador told me he gave out the Presdts letter
merely to please the So. American -- & that
excessively published it w. out his knowledge;
that he never thought him of antagonizing
the Bd.
This is another instance of lack of tact
in his part -- he still not have published
it -- but on the other hand, the Bd. should
not have publicly burned down the Secy
& President.
