has not lamentation to say, he had desired
me into votes, on the 2 1/2% rate. He evidently
does not want to interfere with the members
own rates except to please his own con-
stituents.
Sept 22. Wed.
See Miller said, President was very much distressed
over Miller felt he should nothing to Bel and
was considering calling on his resignation. Miller
said he was tempted to ask him to do this.
I begged him not to do it as it could be claimed
it was due to control the Board.
He said Miller had written a nasty letter to
Harding.
Sept 21. Tuesday
at meeting of Ind. Adv. Commite, Mr. Ferguson said that
the Cyclo. Commite held its meeting in W.Y. in the
library of Mr Morgan, one of its members; that
Morgan, referring to their coming down to Wash.
to attend full meeting, said they expect to have
a terminate car and turned to an official of director
of the B&O R.R. and asked him to arrange it
which he did and the directors came to Wash.
in a private car furnished by the B&O R.R.
Sept 23. Thursday
I told see Miller, in my opinion would be most
unwise to call for Miller's resignation or to
remove him; that the other 3 appointed members
Williams - Washington Harding would act with us
Miller. "But Miller would be out of the Board" he
said. I then said I feared they also would resign.
"Let them resign - I don't care" he said.
He really seems to have lost his head, after
Wednesday he told me that it would be very
bad, politically, to have any slight on the Board prior to
the coming elections.
I told him the Board would in all probability
recommend amendments to the Ind. Res Act to Congress.
This would to infuriate him, he seemed to
think they had no right to do this. I said
they clearly have a right in their relation to
Congress to make any recommendation they
see fit by a majority vote and that any of
the members could of course file a dissenting
report. He said the President would make them
work of any amendment he did not favor.
See Miller seems to feel that the Board is
subordinate to the Directors represented by
him - his attitude will lead to trouble in the
near future.
Today, Harding gave me a copy of a memorandum
written by Washington - his initials were at the top
but signed by words. I Harding, in reply to my
question about favoring giving them visit
power for domestic bills &c. trade associations
and banking associations.
It was most sarcastic and almost insulting
in terms. It said that the question of carrying
was more important to me than the future
and safety of the system. It was also very
sarcastic as to my doubts of being able to prevent the
banquet from languishing. I should answer it.
It shows off the danger of low rates but
Harding did not see this danger when
planning for a 2 1/2% commodity rate on
the cotton grown in the South.
Harding at the meeting today explained see
Middleton deposit in the Ind. Res box as a
