196 told
Mar. 29. Tuesday.
took up Conn. Petts. I introduced long resolution showing
effects of franchise upon N.Y. - mentioning, with the
N. Jersey addition, the N.Y. cabal at 17% and
requiring N.E. Miller again said postponement
should be had to await clearing developments.
Harding had long report favoring, within
demands of Petters. I answered Harding - it
was unfit to await result of clearing - that
Cong. Hill said to me this am that further
petitions could be filed by banks list of
corn. & also by Prov. N.Y. banks.
I also said that, while I would not
suggest it, if a motion were made to have
Fairfield County in N.Y. -- incl. Norwalk
and Bridgeport, I would not oppose it
as it might fairly be claimed that this
County was almost a part of greater N.Y.
Finally Delano said he would move him
on a fair adjustment punishing further
development of clearing system.
We then voted as follows;
1. Motion to grant postponement of whole
matter pending clearing developments.
Ayl: Miller, Williams, Hanlin.
No. Delano, Warburg, Harding. Sent.
2. Motion to annex to Fairfield County & to
deny rest of Petts, returning myself to
northern N.Y. when clearing system developed.
Ayl: Miller, Delano, Williams, Hanlin.
No. Warburg, Harding.
Harding then said he would give him report to
the Press; I said I should give out an
answer.
Miller said he would in that event give out
an answer & should any that centrifugal
of sentiment should not further be carried
out by increasing power of N.Y. except
after clearest demonstration that it was
absolutely necessary.
I said that I should be obliged to go
much further than my resolution on
that point and that the disclosure of
a division in the Bd. could result in a
charge that certain members were
not inimical to whatever line or not -- and
was trying to centralize everything in N.Y.
Warburg then exclaimed something to
Harding & he seemed to be less eager to
publish his views.
Finally it was agreed to grant Petts as to
Fairfield County and suspend as to
balance until clearing system developed.
Vote:
Ayl: Delano, Miller, Conn. Hanlin.
No. Warburg. Harding
