if I had said such a thing to Delano he would
have been crazy with rage. He has no regard for
the feelings of others.
Thursday Mar. 2.
voted to increase En Secy's salary from
10,000 to 12,000. Duncan received 25,000.
Harding put very angry at Lewis obstruction
said if officer of Govt were properly compensatd he would look somewhat
differently when kind of man needed by
Itd. Res Agent; that it all depended on having
a good man as Govt & properly compensated.
Sec H. came down & at voted man, to
increase Secy's salary. We all realized
Secy's defects but the officer clearly
desired 12,000 considering success of
the bill and, as well, other salaries fell
to other Evens.
Tuesday Feb 29.
Called up Anderson in evening. Told him my own
judgement was that Brandeis would be
confirmed. He said that was his judgment.
Said he had some difficulty in getting witnesses
that money who wanted B. confirmed were
not disposed to testify: & that some, & if
myself, had good reasons, others no special
reasons. I told him again I wanted to
help and would be very glad to do so
of all wished out; he said, however, the thought it would
be very poor judge to cast when anyone circulated
w. the Admission to testify as to his general character
and if he would not ask me to testify. I asked
that his Bullet & I went during all in our House
to model his bill opinion and I only wanted
to know what was to do in order to do it.
He seemed very grateful and said if anything
occurred to him he would let me know
at once.
Friday, March 2
Friend at Sen. Wallace, Austin Fox was there; after
dinner he started talking about Brandeis:
I told him I did not agree w. him -- he particularly
mentioned the same reason exact. I told him Brandeis
was a lawyer and knew the law as well
as Brandeis and any reflection upon B.
was a reflection on women: that I knew
women well & knew him to be a most
honorable man. He said women wrote B.
a letter showing evident doubts as to
property of the arrangement and B. wrote
a long letter to reassure him. We had
quite a heated, though friendly talk.
He said he thought B. drew into himself
& did what he believed right regardless
of how it might affect others. He
unwittingly thought I would agree to
them & thus he, I think, would have
