obtained that I wrote letter to Presett as a
thunder as well as fire.
Hein was a long statement admitting
that he had written the whole report of
U.S. Court & had consulted w. the Court
as to specific plans -- about, minimums
w. two slants on N.W 15. Said he was satisfied
work of Mr. Crane was done badly -- thought
it. very foolish not to cooperate now
seventeen men from within as otherwise
they could surely have been collected for
without & this might mean a reduction
to 30 & districts.
I suggested it might mean -- would experience
any other -- an omission to 15 or 20.
Finally I asked if it could be the last
plan of Court & what in effect it was
based. At first Daniels & Woodbury objected. He
asked "In what ultimate purpose do you want
it"? Webb said he might agree to any selection
if I could agree never to speak of it or throw
it to any one. I replied that I had no
"ultimate purpose" nor had I risk to that
time even thought of showing the map to
any one but that I certainly would make
no such agreement as a condition of seeing
what was the property of the U.S. Res Bd. Finally Del.
sent up & had brought down marks as follows:
1. Marked by him as Hardings; 2. Marked by him
as his own; 3. Marked by him as Willis's
execution of the Court plan (sic). Washington
mumbled something about their bad
plans in the alternative.
Webb was very angry at reference to two
marks & asked 5 mins in which to explain.
He said he was opposed due to the Court yet
had never been asked to attend a single
meeting; that Webb had brought in a
draft of report & asked him to deliberate
the districts; that this abolished 4 Bds;
that security was injured when turn by turn
that Del. also organized security & at he was
paid he had not mentioned it to any one
for it would have quieted him w. Washington.
Webb explained that he had told him w. me
about Hardings later w. Williams.
After lunchtime Willis came to my office and
said he had determined districts in a plan
given him by Washington & that the plan
abolished Atlanta, Boston etc.
at that moment Webb came in and said me
2 plans written of w. abolished Boston.
In the morning session he said Harding was
the only one favoring abolishing Boston & he
did this because Atlanta & Dallas were to
be abolished. This is in direct conflict w.
what Dr Willis said.
