248 and he had told me I see M. who said the reason
very warmly had not been stated was that
probably the Presd in the presence of business
had forgotten all about it; that if the one
of immediate need to be discussed by tomorrow
he could leave sent at to Presd long ago. He
said he could speak to Presd about it;
also said see M. said Presd had already
made up his mind no change could be
made in Law at any rate for the present
Lord July 26.
Wamburg returned yes at meeting. Matter of Smith
Bill permitting Mrs Bell to abduct her baby its taken up.
I had given Harding draft of letter which he
sent down & changed. After several discussions
at the meeting all agreed on saying to Sen. Corns
that without expressing any opinion on the
merits the Board felt the present was not
an opportune time for enacting this
legislation
Wisconsin Peter then taken up. I told Bob
that see M. Medders said he would be needed
as favoring the Peter, with the limited area
as shown a block given by Harding by the
vote of Milwaukee bankers, he rejected this
was the judgment of his associates, which
Harding had unanimously told him it was
249
just before leaving them up see M. sent for me & myself
and said the Senate & set the broken down old
unanimously vote for the Peter. Milwaukee said
he could furnish not to vote at all on the present
field leave the meeting before any vote taken
for them would back to the meeting.
suffering, as Harding had recently told me
that Delano & Wamburg wanted the Peter
granted I said without see M. told me and
then asked for expression of opinion.
to my amazement Delano began to offer
opinions in which he was favored by
Wamburg. Delano said first that he
felt there was a great urgency to secure
wh. should be unmediated, but that there were
practical difficulties in the way.
He said most of the Corns of Milwaukee bankers
one were not a member of the Potter system,
that they did not appear at all at original
hearing; that Sen. Huskey had never called
upon him; that he and the Corns in Redistricting
would have helped to nullify the problem by
abolishing the Merino. Bureau, but that that
gun had been shoted!
also said that to grant the Peter would make
Sen. Lowrenson of Mich. & Sen. Nelson of
Illin. very angry.
also said technical point that we had
discussed the original petition in our
