254
Secy. then asked Delano how he felt, adding
that he personally had no personal objections
to a new hearing.
Delano stated quite as above. After some
discussion Delano suggested that the Republican
vote to uphold Pete Grant's new Heavy,
see if the suffixed that we will a
meeting item & then the vote as all went
willing to vote.
No objection was made and the Delano
moved as above & it was unanimously
voted, Harding, Delano, Cott and Secy.
being present, by the adjournment.
Shortly after, Delano came into my office,
said most undignified to have had a
meeting in presence of Sen. Hunting, he
told him it was merely a formal matter
& he himself made the Motion to vote.
He said, in writing the record, he did not
wish to have it at all as affirmatively
that he had made the Motion & suggested
that Record read. Number a Motions was
middle etc.
I said no objection to this as it was the
usual procedure.
Later Harding said Delano was much
disturbed as to date finally fixed. Any of us
had planned to be among them. I sent the record
not be present as a strong, united will in
kept. This seemed to satisfy him.
I am amazed at Delano's wavering. utterly yesterday
want said in meeting he was and had
always been prepared to vote for the
Pete & Delano never said a word to the
entirety.
I think the moment they found that
Secy. H. was willing to vote for the
Republican thing throughout their country or
some political in it especially as Secy. H
was so interested. They have not acted
in good faith.
There were no suggestions or suckers of
politics. The Republican party received
Delano & Harding & had long conferences
with & later they talked with me.
This was before Sen. H. ever came before
any of us. Mr. Tabbord, a Rebs. Cong. first came
to see me about this matter -- only before Sen. Hunting.
I watched every movement by a careful
examiner of the Record (see my Memo.) and
could not watch any other conclusion.
I told Allen about Delano's claim
not to appear on record as bearer
of the vote letter.
Later letters as above were sent to all parties.
