236
in the matter again, that he and I had been good
friends -- as he had often warned, and that
whatever decision was reached I would
loyally accept as the best thing for the
old Republican party.
I then told Williams; he was very indignant &
said it was herculean to dispute any
one of the 7 or 8 old sayings to the day.
Debt 7 P.M. for Hendersonville
June 20.
Had to stop at Asheville 4 trains. Took dinner
at Paris, Eure Hotel.
Reached Hendersonville 5.30 P.M. went by auto
to Kingsga Tavern. 6 miles
June 21
Shove at courthouse of S.C. Can. Bumpers had
great reception. Left the 18 M.
Had long talk with Throble concerning
Rev. C. Miss Blank. Am satisfied we did not
meet him fairly. He said Miller dominated.
he looked to himself. He is a politician
but not a politician of the kind that
was discharged; that Miller was jealous of
him & that he put an official incompetent
into office. Many were of his religious party --
catholic as I learned afterwards.
He said we would come to this Board
again to him -- to Miller's disgust.
237
He said Miller still had incompetent men;
that Miller thought that the Agent would be
looked upon as head of the Bank, but
when he found it was not he wanted the
Evening Star; that when the matter came up
of collecting him Miller told the Board that
if collected the old Rev Agent would not
observe it; that old Rev Agent Sawyer said
the Bd would select him if he would
agree at once to resign; that he refused to
agree to this and that shortly after he was
offered him present position & decided to
accept it.
He also said Miller told the Board that if
he, Miller, were not elected he would
say with authority the Board would
withdraw the Bank.
Also said that Board did him good by
rebel as did the Agent from originally
but Miller told Board would never
pay over $100 salary & Rebel told not
accept him & was placed away;
that Miller was determined no one
should have a larger salary than
himself.
He said the Bumpers had no confidence
in Miller & did not like him; that
