Wednesday Aug 6th
document that our Audits stated Mrs. Davis be unlawful
money risk to 5 1/2 ite was never acted on by
Senate.
Woolburg had this matter on hand and on
starting in his vacation would Harrison to
come back from his vacation & remain in
Wash. while Woolburg was away. Allen
said W. said also that Harrison was the
only man who knew any thing about
the Audits!
Woolb. & Harrison can settle this between
themselves!
Hardinng gave me a draft of Audits sticking
out "at half" in Sec. 16. He is undoubtedly
waxing -- I never believed at heart he
woulded to absolutly exchange charges.
See M. today asked me for my copy of
Delano's letter on Relation of Ewe in which he
suit to Purdtt.
The Wash. Beech. News states that the
Council in Baking & casting, thus are represented
my opinion favorably. There was no
eff. Steppin, however, today.
Glass called. Was pleased that Sen. did not
have Audits making M. Davis landed money for
unpaid services, as he could never consent to it.
265
Wednesday Aug 2
Woolburg came back and came into my office
but did not congratulate me or refer to my remarks
in any way. Said he had not. w. Glass last
night & he had decided it was better to
drop the matter of making Mrs Davis lawful
money for vault reserve, that he never
expected it would have any way. He seemed
perfectly cheerful contented about it
after he told me when we voted for it
that it was absolutely essential and
vital. Another instance of his duplicity.
I asked him how Harrison overlooked the
fact that Senate cannot did not represent
it -- that I understood he would Harrison
to come back from his vacation & remain
here while he was away for the express
purpose of watching the Audits.
He said he asked H. to return for purpose
of drawing regulations etc -- a deliberate
lie -- & that I was responsible for not
knowing the Audits was not reported.
He said, however, that no one could
have known of it until it appeared
in the Record published Tuesday Am.
I shall never trust the Senate again as to
vital audits.
