250
perjudices to regret of leave, but to fill a new Peloton
later. The decision of Board in December was
then read. Petition was dismissed, as about, and as
I remember, reference was made to the effect
of authorized clearing system in Boston 9th
District.
Delano then said there was no Petition which could
to Act and if a new Peloton must be filled.
Trusts was then raised why we could not
in regret to redistrict of one our members
and all agreed that we had.
Warburg said it seemed to undignified
and cold Steele by the Board now to reopen
the case & Delano agreed with him.
Warburg said new Petition should be heard
and new briefs & argument not earlier
than Sept 1.
Harding said he was perfectly sure that
submarines banks would have all their
present accounts to them, remuneration &
said if any delay the request would be
unfavorable; that the Petition should be
refused & granted.
Critt said originally some members
wanted to grant the Peloton act. The
banks wanted it; that the only doubt
on these members minds was whether
they would withdraw the New York Banks
and why clearing system would not solve the
difficulty and whole Board felt him
should be given to ascertain this; Most he, Critt
wanted to prevent leave, because to many checks
by way of Chicago to credit of New York Bank
but that Harding said this would cause
delay which not solve the difficulty; that
he would await Harding judgment as to
this, either reluctantly; that this remained
his concern, 1) Number of companies bank to
Min. Rest making it a Boston Bank
clearing agency; 2) Number this leaving
to Chicago.
Del. Combs & Harding all said as was out
of the question.
Critt said really a contract between Min. &
St Paul banks and Miles. Banks: because
now had over 70 million of 8% debents
while latter had only 19 million
Critt said: Congress have had determined
to annex Miles. to Chicago and that this
family cannot to require leaving with
it leaving always during business in
submarines that this really sustained
claim of City Court.
Critt said had uniformly considered
why New York could stand the
transfers; that this District was
largely an office, which declined;
