any one who would not agree that the
district shield be cut down to 8 was an
alien of the system was absolutely
correct and that Delano told him this
was so but that Waugh had lost his
tenure & the words shield not be
recorded.
This P.M. Delano sent me a new draft
of the 3rd sheet. It admitted most of
my suggestions but left in a reference
to Court that I had written President with
authority of Board; also reference to
conplaint that City En was not told
that branches could be created without
first Re bands were established.
I prepared draft of letter to Delano
with. I may send Monday afternoon
this
question now is whether I should not file
answer to this sheet specifically stating
all the facts justifying my letter to
the President
before adjourning Williams made a
motion that Court at once fill with
Board all data, arguments etc which
they said they had in their possession
in said opinion. draft of 3rd sheet.
Delano said they would be willing
to present this but Williams however
out what said they already had the
at my suggestion Williams said this Motion
could remain unacted upon leaving with
liberty to bring it up at some future
meeting, and, no objection being made,
this was agreed to.
Delano finally moved that the 3rd
sheet should be considered as passed this
day w. such changes as Court might
decrease leaving to make in it and that
any further discussion be postponed
until lun & Hardings opinion from Atlanta.
all voted for this except Harding who
objected to be recorded against it.
called up. See Madden this evening. Hotel room where
Harding had said as to his letter writes him
about Stark; Madden said he was amazed-
that time was not a word of truth in it-
that he had seriously talked over the matter
with Harding and had said he did not
see any necessity for removing Stark's name
and that he could remain as Court Director
but be relieved of acting as Deb. Res Agent
provided the Board voted that such
course was desirable for all examiners
who also were Deb. Res Agents; that Harding
had said that Stark should be deprived
as Court Director; that he Zimmerman said
he would look into the matter carefully
and later at over writes the Board.
