in afternoon, late, Harding & Miller had been sent out
notice of a meeting the night then in Warburg had
would he told be here.
Friday, Aug 20
Lincoln wrote letter objecting to such short notice
& so he had had to give up an important
engagement to attend.
We had meeting after informal conference
with Smith as to action.
It appeared that Warburg did not quite
all events done.
after him had left Harding & Miller said
it was evident that matters had come
to such a pass that the power and
authority of the Bd must be definitely
deprived, especially in view of the letter
from the Sec. of Treasury calling them to
account for their action in N.York.
Harding set up argument to purpose by laws
definitively settling us to special meetings
I said this would be agreeable to me.
Harding said that if Richard Olmey had
been ever see Madaw would not have
changed the case embarking that he
would not dare to attempt such a
thing. He added that he and his associates,
including Miller & Warburg, realized how
intimate the Madaw and I was and felt
that for that reason the Madaw did not
sufficiently bear in mind the powers of
Richard Olmey.
I asked that see Madaw did not in any sense
overrule me in changing the call -- that is
my opinion as chairman he had that
right but if the Bd had come together at
the place the mentioned it could then by
a majority vote have adjourned to this
place or any other place favored by a
majority of its members. I added further
that if any member had word me
suggesting some other place for the meeting
I would have gladly myself amended
the call naming that place.
Harding said the reply letter calling them
to account made it impossible to fix the
authority and status of the Board and if
this were not done there would be a
change in the personnel of the Board or
a movement in Congress to radically
change the Act.
Later I was in Lincoln office when Harding
came in. He repeated his remarks as to
Richard Olmey and also as to possible
changes in the personnel of the Board (
relating as I understood at the Visigates
of himself, Miller & Warburg) and the
horribilty of any action of the authorities
