is a sensible presumption from reading it that
they were personal reasons for my
appointment of the officer, which prompted
it. In Exambill, they well knew that but for
my management of the matter they would
have forced through, or at any rate, permitted
a decision to be cut down the Reserve Banks
from 12 to 809.]
Delaney added that they had explained to the
President that the ex officers members were
able to attend only about 1/3 of the meetings.
Delaney seemed very hypothetical and somewhat
irritated as if the whole matter was
settled in advance. He said relations must
come and then added - I am a candidate
meant for ever. They, at least, I understood
him to say - I was not absolutely sure but
I thought it best not to ask him to speak
I told them, of course, there was no reason
why they should not go to the President
and I understood fully there were no
personal objections upon myself intended;
that so far as I was concerned I should
give no thought to the matter; that
whatever the President's decision I should
235
accept it with unwavering loyalty. I written
forward nor opposed their suggestion, in fact
I did not read the copy of Delaney's letter
until he had left when I read it and
made a copy.
That afternoon I saw Secy Wallace and showed
him the letter. He said he had not seen
it nor did he know they had had an
interview with the President, or he had not
seen him for several days. He said last
week they came to him and discussed the
subject of relations and rather complained that
they had not had an opportunity of
discussing the matter w. the President & he
said why don't you see him?
He seemed very adverse to even considering
discussing any one of them and seemed
indignant at the tone of the letter.
I told him not to think of me but to do what
was best for the system. He said he would
never stand for Delaney as Gov. I told
him I thought if any change were made
it would be better to designate Delaney
as I feared, being well Gov., if he were
not promoted he would be very angry
and might resign. He said he understood
he would send others too.
Finally I suggested to him not to take action
