246
members old weekly contributions to campaign fund.
I doubt till it. He said we ought to consult
question individually & not as to Board to vote.
I of course agreed.
I told him Mr. Blunt had not entertained the
question to me.
He said he had written Sen. Kruger as to
man recommended by Blunt.
I asked him if Members had said anything
about relation of Gov. He said not a word.
but Harding has had several letters on
the matter. I said it was a disinterested subject
on the matter; that I had told Sec. Blunt
whatever President decided to do would have
my loyal support.
He seemed very pleased & said "I will never
again will take this position."
I added I told Sec. Blunt I thought he could
not even discuss the matter as not as
whether was duel, I could be satisfied.
Wednesday, July 24
Engine Carvers called me up at Mt. Adams of they
would accept charter of Sleeping Bug. That all
interests could agree on not do. I said under
no circumstances. He said - subject you are
drafted. I repeated that under no circumstances
could I or would I serve. He was in Bed's
office at the time
247
Thursday July 25.
Much discussion as to Lewis Petition. Mr. Corbett
considerate I stated that undoubtedly the
following changes, under operation of the current
system, would immediately save several
cents of much value; that the total
debts in Liberty, Loss from other bonds were
19 millions while in City & St Paul bond was
70 millions. I favored granting the amended
Petition.
Mr. Harding was asked to consult w. Sec Blunt
as to this.
The Senate left us to proceed to Board to
adjourn. We left Res Bons etc. was taken up and
Harding asked to arrange a day for a
meeting tomorrow.
Satin Harding told me the day felt that
two Senate of present men would Jacksonize
all pending Amends and in certain effervescing
any opinion on the merits the Sen. Lewis
should be advised that the whole
matter should go over to next session of
Legis.
Harding said he told Secy he would
agree to this.
Also said very sure of Harding and I
through Lewis Petition should be granted
he would favor it and take up
Williams about it.
In evening at Mt. Club Williams told
