exclude a number of regulations & old bond
nothing not capable by a simple order & Execute asking Miller what he relied when in
the Report to warrant his conclusion that the
Bill should be abolished.
Later Delano said he looked the Adelanto will
not seek to move political capital out of
the success of the federal tax system & the
others- terms had left- seemed cordially to
agree w. him. Delano said the Republicans would denounce
the Act if credit for it was claimed by the
Adelanto.
Delano remarked Emery in Rochester not yet
ready to speak.
Emery had me a letter from Harding
in which he said he would obtain Kentucky
Circuit- under Bill No. 20- also international
Courts might decide to bankruptcy industrially
for a year. He is incidently wrapping.
Nov 4. Thursday
This man at meeting Harding wrote me a sketch of paper
"you have stumbled & Miller by your letter" referring
to my letter of yesterday asking him to tell me
what facts in the report of Broderick on Adelanto
as to the relation between to justify him stating that
the report proved the use of alcoholism
the Adelanto Bill.
Delano also said: "he failed to collect them out
which it was still pending in our courts".
Later I wrote to Miller another letter asking
him what the facts were on the subject
of which Rich & the House, both warranting him shut of
prejudice to the Bill that the result on the opinion
might warrant the abolishing of the Illinois bill.
While I was in Indianapolis the Bill received a
public shout that the transfer of Illinois to Chicago
was not under carried out. This was an attack
on Emery Brooks, but was not quite as immediately the
matter was then being discussed by the Council
and me. Allen told me today that Miller had told
Harding I had abstained from Elliott his opinion
given on Friday that Bill did not cut down Bill
No. 20- I said Emery Brooks had summoned Elliott
before them; that he said he did not change his
opinion but would now them ever convinced of
its usefulness when it was considered that
the Bill were chartered for 20 years; that the
Council had determined to ask an opinion of Colton
Nov. 5. Tuesday
Constitutional w. out for Agents. They wanted man. that all
expenses reimbursable should be given to pick Republican Home.
Block of Discussion was on question of paying back
to Bobs kind of case. State already paid in. At dinner
on evening whole time given to them & all later dinner
of Discussion.
The Republican Home were decided in opinion Martin. Tanner.
Young of Kentucky strongly against it. Willburn
strongly for it- Jay not certain- Perrin inclined
to favor it.
Warburg positive for it. Abt. long later
delaying any rule. for making expenses be
used fact of defects at unfortunate night in
favor of leaving cash in cash dollars must be
