saying he was sick of voting to please this
man or that man & he served notice that
himself would hold vote as his vote of
office declared. I replied that I assumed
all of us had done the world a service.
Finally we met as a Council & W. H. Harding voted
to what in favor of sending the letter into
of regulation & I voted against this for want
of regulation.
We then had a full meeting of the Bd (
except Mead, H. Miller) & the majority voted
& my minority voted here before the meeting.
I moved to substitute the minority about
that it was the duty of the Bd to frame
regulations & that we should do this at once.
In my motion to substitute, Williams & I voted
against and Delano, Webb & Harding, No.
In the May, 1892, we all voted in favor
& stating that the letter was better than
nothing & was all I could get and I
& shed vote for it.
Williams told me Warburg wanted very much
to be poor of the Board & that was why
he was so vitriolic; that he had tried
to have the Gen. go by rotation, but Williams
said this was absurd.
Delano told me he & the other members were very angry
at Del. His action in publishing the President's letter to
him favoring establishment of branch bureaus in
So. Davis, by Fed. Res boss - as an attempt to break
the hand of the Board.
Warburg at Secy's request had published a letter
on this & had reported against it - this report
was referred to a committee of which Delano was
on and they were shortly about in it & I
hear these will be a row.
Today the Curie - Webb, & Harding & I think Delano
with me have of warburg this letter, warrant
regulations so as to permit the Fed Res boss of Boston
to purchase munition, warrants at the Gen. Bureaus.
was under Jones' supervision, did the Agent Curie
shape to me of this in Boston and later Gov
Adkins wrote and officially. At first the whole
Board were in favor of it except that Harding
said we might be embarrassed by application
from So. States where the Department were
not sound. I said I favored the application
but as it involved my State I should carefully
looked carefully through the papers
before leaving it carefully studied by a Court.
The Court notes were registered in the
State, law fit was to voted
cit 11. Monday
went to Newport w. Antell Roosevelt in
Webb's destroyer Arizona. R. Governor
the Naval Coalt. On joining with Newport
Huber a large number of men stayed
