Miller said he wanted more time to examine his
qualifications. Delano, Harding & Warburg went very
indifferent -- said nothing in telephonic return. To
indicate any disqualification, Miller would not
budget and I put the vote.
Agt. Miller, won 1264
No. Delano, Warburg & Harding.
I explained before voting that I had fully
expected to have Miller settled this day
as Del. Miller & Warburg & Harding had all
said yesterday they stood vote for Harding;
that in that event I should not have voted
at all as I had never heard of Harding
until day before yesterday and felt that
the telephonic return raised doubts in my
mind as to his fitness. Must I shed like
bullet time to investigate; Must manhood
or Miller insisted on his motion I felt
obliged to vote for it.
The vote being 3 to 3 I declared the
motion lost.
After bullet decision in which Miller
reiterated his opinion I put the vote on
main question;
Agt. Delano, Harding, Warburg
Not voting; Miller, won 1264.
Before announcing vote much discussion
as to why such a vote constituted a
211
election. I said I was in doubt and would have
to study the parliamentary question. Miller then
said if I was in doubt he would vote agt.
I said I certainly was in doubt and by
request put the vote again;
Agt. Miller, Delano, Harding, Warburg
Not voting; Delano, 1264.
I explained again my reasons for not
voting; that I had not sufficient
knowledge of Harding, that I certainly
would not vote for him without further
investigation and I would not vote against
him at that time without promptly doing
him an injustice.
I then declared Harding elected.
Miller's change in vote shows his mischievous;
he said he had doubts of Harding's fitness
and wanted more time, yet when the
vote showed doubt of his election,
why, if so select by chair could have
given him the addition, time he wanted
he proceeded to vote for him for fear
I should not declare him elected.
I did not refuse to vote in order to
embarrass the election; on the contrary
4 members had said the day
before -- including Miller -- that they
