Governor Harrison of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
came before the Board and discussed existing business conditions.
He said prices were falling all over the world; that the ratio of
decline was greater each month; that drawing of acceptances had
fallen off 200 millions as compared with a year ago; that if the
depression is merely a temporary one, things ought to mend by
July 1st, as temporary depressions usually do not go over one year;
that if the depression is a more or less permanent one, the question
remains - what can be done, in addition to what has been done, and
the question arises, has the Board power which it can use?
Dr. Miller said we could do nothing, and that the easy money
policy already adopted would claim mischief for us in the future.
Governor Harrison said he saw no method short of a bold open
market operation, deliberately designed to put up prices. He
explained Dr. Miller's proposition that the most his bank could do
would be to remove obstacles to business improvement, and that this
has been the policy of his Directors, thus making credit easier,
and in some degree improving the bond market.
Dr. Miller said that the February and March inflation of the
stock market was caused by prior Federal reserve policy; that a
state of mental depression has set in which exaggerates the real
depression.
Governor Harrison agreed with Dr. Miller that the psychology
of the reduction to 3% has been bearish rather than bullish.
Governor Harrison said his Directors knew they could not increase
prices or revive business, but they felt they should do all they could
even if their efforts were unavailing.
Governor Harrison pointed out that Europe has to pay us about
600 millions each year as interest on the Allied debts; that some of
our people are trying to prevent her paying in goods (excessively high
tariff bill); some don't want her to pay in gold as this might result
in disrupting the gold standard abroad; that others object to our
loaning money to help improve the purchasing power of foreign nations
and enable them to pay their debts and to buy from us.
Governor Harrison pointed out that our export trade had fallen
off considerably, which means that the purchasing power of Europe
had fallen off.
Some one claimed that higher discount rates would help the
banks liquidate some of their security loans, but Governor Harrison
