116
to vote to remove C and hold upon that he would
in the confidence only of the But hold now agree
to remove him
C was attacked thus + Ed C was in doubt + still knew
what the evidence against him was.
He agreed w. Miller that neither the law nor
court was not bound to put away testimony and humbled
and that at the last meeting we demanded the
attorney Comte meant at the next hearing they
+ Campbell would be given all evidence the
But had latter.
The record was read + bodily confirmed thus;
when Judge was shown to have agreed to it
hurrying at once agreed that if they needed
or having the evidence in C. should give them
a document Unheard by Loyall giving their
hears at the Court Report (James, Hemen &
Loyall) relating to Campbell, & other witnesses
Sett of Thursday
Just belong on Campbell Court.
in C. read a general slant of the Chevallier
in Howard, counsel of Campbell, but in
affidavits for practically all of the Party
(except the Boston citizens, Rich & Ludlum)
to effect that C. was not interested;
117
one of the affidavits admitted that C. had
taken a few drops.
affidavits were put in for all of the eleven
of the defendants that C. was well satisfied on
his testimony & had given himself satisfaction;
also from many Boston Presidents to Samuel
Hobart.
C was then examined by Mr. C. He admitted that
a friend gave him 2 quart bottles of whiskey
before saying on board the Cuba & that he had
taken 2 drops.
Mr. C also asked on to how extensive
bottle furnished by Mr. Candlers showed that
C. was credited w. a benefit of 150 on their
account, -- a duplicate, C. said this was
the Candlers error & that he did show
he never credited himself but will
He admitted that he had put in board at
a bottle from 8 drops which only 5 drops should
have been intended. He said the often burnt
repeated extraordinary character which could
not have been intended on such
in C. & examined C on certain points of case
excellent C. & asked him if both w. Candlers
did not have to with that turn to bed.
