86
July 12, Monday
The Common given me by President Coolidge, about
me on a 10 year term, beginning Aug. 10, 1826,
"during the term of 10 years from the date of
his oath of office
July 14, Monday.
The Common given me by President Coolidge, about
me on a 10 year term, "during the term of 10 years from the date of
his oath of office
[Marginal note: The Common given me by President Coolidge, about me on a 10 year term, "during the term of 10 years from the date of his oath of office,"
President of the United States of America.
I will also shall see that present, during
know ye that exercising official power and confidence
in the integrity, disinterested and discretion of
Charles S. Hamlin, of Massachusetts, -- I leave
nominated and by and with the advice and
current of the Senate, do appoint him a
member of the Judicial Revenues Board, for a
term of two years from Aug. 10, 1826, and do
authorize and confer upon him to execute and
fulfill the duties of that Office according
to law, and to trust and to hold the said
office, with all the powers, privileges and
immunities thereunto of right belonging
into him the said Charles S. Hamlin, during
the pleasure of the President of the United
States for the time being.
In testimony whereof, I have caused this
document to be made Patent, and the seal of
the United States to be executed of sixth.
Point at the city of Washington, this 3rd
day of July, in the year of our Lord
one thousand nine hundred and twenty-
six and of the Independence of the
United States of America the one hundred
and fifty-sixth.
Calvin Coolidge
Seal of U.S.
By the President
Frank B. Kellogg
Secretary of State.
87
The two Common given me by President Coolidge,
"during the term of (2) (10) years from
the date of his oath of office," under a
succeeding shall have been sworn appointed
and duly qualified," etc. etc.
President Lincoln first made this
change in State appoints
to keep control over all courts. If such
language is intended to mean anything
more than that the President may renew
for cause, as stated in M. A. H., it would be
evidently void, an appointment to M. B. H. does
