128
Wednesday
had considered the Campbell case; Whether the attack
was upon a Republican sentiment that the Republican
concluded the text, and also the interest of the
attorney-client relationship of the Missouri attorney; that the
Republican Board was not bound to give any testimony, but it
had so voted and :; why should the client
in the Missouri case that the Republican Board would give the
evidence which would warrant removal of C.
on charge of misconduct of interjection and that
C. did bring lawyers on the Board and gave
it to the Party on rule. The Republican Board condemned
and condemned him; that he was also
unconstitutional and unworthy in rendering
the offensive act of the Judge and there was
no evidence that the money was not
actually expended, and the Board was
directed to take rule. Clients in that case
inadequate accounting should receive
again be tolerated.
The effect of the attorney director's case was
an absolute withdrawal of Campbell; it
was really grotesque.
Yesterday I came to Court when said client
C. still be cleared but not removed
and he still be voted. Platt told me that
Washington had sent the mail to him.
James as well moved as a substitute to
his motion a default removing C. as
an officer and director, such removal to go
into effect on May 14.
James was most offensive and brave
braving, as usual. He said, through the
Board would accept my resignation and in a
loud voice he cried out "I told the Republican
Board a few days ago that it would vote to constitutional
Campbell!"
When he introduced his motion he said
in a low voice, threatening voice "This
is the last motion I shall make as a
member of this Board" - meaning that
if his motion was not carried he would resign.
Mr. White on how C. and Cunningham
was electrical; they as well convinced
their heads to James weekly and said
they would vote to remove Campbell.
The Court of law said C. did not get
"Four her year from any bank."
James
Or better time said he would appeal to
advent attorney that the Republican Board
decided to remove C. under law
at will responsibility, but that if they were
129
not in the case of the Republican Board
that they would not remove C. under law
at will responsibility, but that if they were
not in the case of the Republican Board
that they would not remove C. under law
at will responsibility, but that if they were
not in the case of the Republican Board
