54
obt of Raglaner as an M. Agent so he could
with a certainty of ruined votes by an
unpopularity. Jones said he would vote against
him on the 2nd but that was ruinous, mean
that Wellington, Bellamy and Campbell must
have to renounce. Cott remained on Board
this was his own weakness in his remarks,
but all to no avail.
We then asked Collyer to come up with funds for
the funds for the Alliance bond
trade in Cuba, and Cott said he could make
a State Treasury.
Jones was very angry. He admitted the
silhouette was excellent and said the Board was
responsible - meaning that we should buy
silhouette with the Alliance outbit long
before this. He was most unreasonable.
He was very angry about weathering the
cambellite tiling also, otherwise he did
not and could not object.
He is still bent on having his own way!
Winston came on and told us that the
strong land force behind a Parliamentary
Con n & Railfields in the matter between the
Con n - having an absolute vote
55
standards over India. He said the Indians
would take but if done at will require an
immense quantity of gold which could
draw 24 British from the gold standard
and leave much gold from us, to our
injury; that it could turn out to be in
India into a commodity and ruin the
Indian people.
He said Sec. Hillen tried to get the Board
to justify before the Court and that he said
he could never to day at would support the
U.S. col. could make the Indians in the
commune meet in favor of us; that
Sec Hillen asked how strong to justify us to
the injury this could be in India and
that Genl S. had carefully studied into
this and recently had so testified.
He said Sec Hillen did not want the
to get out but thought the Board ought
to know of it.
Winston spoke on continent of the petition.
He said the bill to buy British silver bullion
and transfer the remit; that there was
about two only friends of the Alliance who
benefited it; that Petition turned him down
would vote for it, and be accordingly
voted for it, against the Alliance!
