subject to poster thought and conceptions, and is only carried
along by the motion of the Missouri.
Blair.
"The stage on which and all who have him around
"He whom such virtue finds and grace inspire
"America: teacher, president, darling of mankind!"
Dignified this life on the 22nd June 1818 at the 52 years of his
age. Surgeon Blairs was renowned physician of this place. He was
universally esteemed for his medical skill, or of his personal accomplishments
which made him conspicuous in the science he loved.
Society in general are acquainted with his name. His talents and
his virtues, and in his own native city, his worth is not only
acknowledged but felt. The respect and confidence he enjoyed
was as widely diffused as the sphere of his actions, and distinct
from the claims of duty, an universal spirit of philanthropy,
induced him to devote all who required his aid. The poor and the
rich, the widow and the orphan, and many a son and daughter of
agistion have been saved by his presence, and by the stimulus of
providence. his hand has raised hundreds from the depths of languishing
and pain, and where love and love failed, that consolation in gratitude
to the sufferer. I was his to bestir with their latent power. Changes
have rested on his hand -- -- From society above to the practical
humility of humanity, with grief his feeling heart behold the provision
of his hopes, the failure of his unmitigated affections and many
a sorrows of hate, whose indignities he has weathered with his tears, and
which to whom he has extended the hand of sympathy -- one was
the sincere members, over the tomb which, perhaps has become more than
human -- -- as a teacher in that branch in which he excels he desired
meritableness, every student did and respected him. The
mildness and humanity of his character, was upon their account while
his superior knowledge, found from their esteem, and that they were
fortunate as to be personally known to him, were the objects of
his previous care, and were united in him by the immortal ties.
which bind man to man. -- -- In him dignity of large heart
had a friend, an ornament for Society -- Medicine was his trade --
Literature his delight -- his resources were great -- Strength of mind
and a comprehensive and enlarged view of every subject in which he
engaged, with an ardent and energetic pursuit of whatever should
his attention -- were distinguishing features of his character. The
information was general on all subjects. Whatever of these evidence
and aided to these powers of the mind to properly understand by one
man. For united what is still more rare. These combining qualities
of the heart which so naturally form in the social circle,
which in a particular manner combined the benefits of their minds
made manifest his principles -- -- at the altar of his Gospel and
liberalism pure -- in other sentiments pure and -- but that of affection of
love, impartial for his virtues and an ardent desire to save the
man who had saved or saving that -- day and night his brothers
in love as in profession -- administered for his relief or comfort
every thing which medical skill could afford -- every thing which
he could intelligently with grief for each -- loss could devise -- and
when the path sublime some arrived -- many a fervent prayer was
raised to Heaven -- that he might meet the reward of his labor of
