May 18, 1819.
That the goodness of the Almighty, I am again alone, restored
to my accustomed health and spirits. This morning I have
to pronounce a confession of spirits and a divestment in my determination
which for many months I have not enjoyed. God bless thee
days, God bless and keep on thy faithful Psalm xxv 4. I know me now thy
man, God I may know thee. I have another. I will instruct thee and
teach thee in the way that thou shalt go. I will guide thee with mine
eye. My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest.
"I loved Jesus more than to separate one mile from the way, much less
to fall away from him, the true sun and fortress of my soul, by the
sidings. The insinuations of my own brain and imaginations may deceive
me, but the heart cannot deceive me, it is the heart of my soul, but continually I
confidently confide in the angels drawing forth the light and strength
headstrong from thee by means divine enlightenments. Grant that my
eye be opened continually upon thee and may be quieted into all
truth, may Iings be attended with thy blessings, and may thy
life be a continual joy forever towards Jesus."- Smith's Manual.
I will keep thee as the apple of mine eye, that no evil shall
come near thee. As a careful mother watches over her child, so have I
undertaken to teach thee my faith and guide thee with mine own
eyes. Whatever temptations and fallacies may tempt thee, yet will
I be ever with thee, leading thee up again, and soothing thee on
every move in thy ways. May as a good shepherd, Iarry thee
in thy own arms. Whenever thy increasing weakness shall
require
their souls and produce love and zeal
Departed this life June 16th 1819 in the 89th year of her
age Mrs Mary Blara, which of Mr John Blara of this city deceased.
Epitaph cannot add to a reputation so unattested, yet religious
and friendship would bear their testimony to virtues so conspicuous
as were hers -- and while they pray that her soul would rejoice at
the glorious reward immortality and consents, called at an
early age to experience some of the severest trials, ministers to
humanity, her native vigor of mind should strike, and bring
a Christian the was entitled to compare them all in triumph in
the midst of difficulties -- rich in mental endowments -- and
all those attractive qualities which adorn her soul -- at work
in her duty, the was in every relation of life, an ornament
and a blessing -- and at the close of her earthly career --
surrounded by every comfort which the hand of affection,
could bestow -- full of faith and of good works -- she
has recently fallen asleep in Jesus.
"Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord.
For they rest from their labors, and their works
do follow them."
