them at one breath with former glory,
And while we triumph here!
While vice in harness, let us triumph.
His God who rules the skies!
Sylvia
From a discourse this evening -- From the 11 Corps, Matthews
from Oct. 25 to the end.
25 "At last true honor answered and paid -- I thank
you, O Father, Lord of Heaven, and earth. France then had bid
these things from the wise and prudent and hath rewarded them
to Jabez: 26 Even so, father, for as it could go forth in the night
27. All things are delivered into the eye of my father; and no man
knows the son but the father, neither hasten any man the father
28. Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will
give you rest. 29 Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me, for I am
meek and lowly in heart; and ye shall find rest unto your souls.
30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light!
Sabbath morning July 6th -- To tomorrow -- For he will sufficiently all
your need, to the glory of his name -- By Christ alone.
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
The Ambitions -- the comforts man -- and the means of pleasure --
are chiefly concerned in obtaining some honor and the distinctions
of the world -- in acquiring worldly -- and you follow these prac-
tifications in which the carnal mind delights, on these things
their thoughts are ever employed. With unvaried assiduity they
labor to gain them -- do the Christian, who has been born of God,
stood strong for the victory -- and thus stands by the testimony
which he gives on the course of his Maker -- that his steadfast-
ness in Heaven -- His not for the transitory pleasures of an earthly
life driven -- but looking to those lasting honors -- those in Heaven
riches which come from above -- in dependence on his grace. Has
many placed his present fortune in such trust as shall be expressed
in these imaginary and selfish views which he nature, or
concerns with the worldly man -- may for a moment prompt him to
despair -- but every blessed duty -- stable encouragement from
my God! -- and ye poor and distressed Christian -- who
from thy poverty and narrowness -- from the experience of want --
from the experience of afflictions which the art declined to name --
take comfort -- and derive the riches of all consolations -- on the
reflection that there are beloved of thy God -- that he will never
abide there. But will continually give and Christ there lay and
beauty -- while in earth and finally receive thee into mansions
of glory, prepared for thee in the heavens. -- But in the unshakable
he things no selfish goods, tho in possession of all that his heart des-
sires -- in his salvation he is good deal with the things of honor --
or worldly ambition God, and without Hope in the world. He has none
of that kind -- He profits all without teaching. How days and nights
are consumed in cloths, and often in mystery -- he lives to himself
in this life -- and finally becomes a prey to the worm which dethinks
not. -- But them times believers, in thy almost shelterless cabin,
being distressed of the good things of this life; yet enjoying peace of
