while in truth is only the complaining caused by a happy
consequence of events favorable to our desires. Truth is
only to be trusted when we can entirely place confidence in his
hands: and in adversity as well as in prosperity subject
ourselves to the sovereign disposition of events. When we
regard the dreadful conflict, which we have experienced
by religion as a right eye or a right hand of God
against sin - when we consider from the hand of God
for it is his good pleasure to withdraw the blessing of
fortune what is best for me, and will supply whatever
is necessary. This it be not the thing I desire. There is an
evil in that I did not see, or to myself instead of a
blessing have found a curse to me. By calling away
my dream from the only true source of good. Lord grant
me this grace. This faith which can rely only on God in
every soul of my life. made to depend alone on this direction.
from me more from the things of time and space and the same
of my dispositions may be applied to God. Let me believe that they
will all work together for my good.
When in the light of truth divine
we look on things as they are.
Honor and glory and spiritual joy.
Peace and joy and longings for
The pleasure God alone can bring
are dangerous dreams to hold.
There but a drop of Philadelphia sweet.
And deserted with bitter Booth.
15th. Extract from the Life of Cooper
Since a considerable portion of his time was given to devotional exercises
must be acknowledged: But that Devotion which does not seem to action
partake in the truth of the religion of the Gospel, to have the effect of discharging
the mind long in a healthy state. The right use of time is a very important
division of Christian duty, and here we cannot help thinking that Cooper
spent his devotional exercises, instead of being used to prepare and strengthen
the mind for the active duties of life, were allowed in a great measure to
occupy their place, and not only was the opportunity thus lost of improving
mentality, by laboring all the world probably, have proved their own reward,
even in the service and satisfaction they intended to his own. Broken, by
the natural timidity, and primitive superstition of his character must have
been increased, by his almost total exclusion from the world.
During his life he had been a man of great piety and Christian feeling,
and every one who knew him well, and every one who had been with him
in his early days, will agree with me in saying that he was a man of great
practical piety, and that he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great
Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian
experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man
of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a
man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man of great Christian experience, and he
was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man of great Christian experience, and
he was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man of great Christian experience,
and he was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man of great Christian
experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man of great
Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a man
of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He was a
man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
He
was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience, and he was a man of great Christian experience.
It was
his Christian experience, and it was his Christian experience, and it was his Christian experience.
It was his Christian experience,
and it was his Christian experience, and it was his Christian experience.
It was his Christian experience,
it was his Christian experience, and it was his Christian experience.
It was his Christian experience,
it is his Christian experience, and it is his Christian experience.
It is his Christian experience,
it is his Christian experience, and it is his Christian experience.
It is
his Christian experience, and it is his Christian experience, and it is his Christian experience.
It is his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experience, and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experience, and it has been his Christian experience.
it has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experience, and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experience, and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experience, and it has been his Christian experi-
ence.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experience, and it has been
his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experience, and it
has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experience, and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experi-
ence, and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been
his Christian experience, and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it
has been his Christian experience, and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
and
it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian experience,
and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been his Christian
experience, and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
it has been
his Christian experience, and it has been his Christian experience.
It has been his Christian experience,
