During the absence of a month I am again returned to my native place. In divine providence I have again been permitted to enjoy the blessed privilege of reading from my book in his sanctuary. In the Church of my beloved native land and which in memory I was dedicated to by the holy ordinance of Baptism -- and in which I have since fallen upon me the duty -- at that time so solemnly made, and which I should never and never have since relinquished in Heaven. -- I trust I have done for you Lord God your beloved all my duty -- and if I dare not I shall love and should in times past. I shall do to you for your day -- May the words that I have heard from you during my visit make an impression upon my soul -- may they be recalled to my mind and did by description help to solve your question -- Your best eternal life is the presumpition of a day. Harrold's father -- look at Blessing and attended me during the first month -- The last Sabbath on the 1st June I devoted myself entirely to him -- at this table -- and he delivered prayers to my whom I also was blessed with the same banquet -- I found myself with my Christian friends at 10 -- and found that peace and contentment in appreciating my God. The reason was explained to me. Dr M. Dr G. and my K. Pastor. Dr G. presided -- my mind was in a fixed frame -- and I could bless and praise my Father in Heaven -- That I had been enabled thus his mercy to take and triumph of the life which he had given me and now I Lord I would on this holy holy day give thanks to God for my preserved life for the use of my reason for the great measure of comfort which I enjoy for all temporal comfort -- but in a more essential manner for that saving divinity which has distinguished me in bringing me out of darkness into that marvelous light by which I see the glorious nature of Godhead and feel the certainty of my sins -- but that God has blessed me with still greater light -- may the lamps of faith light me into all truth and lead me to seek that divine doctrine which can be found in Christ Jesus my Lord -- and to thy providence I would express satisfaction and esteem for the man and country in which I live.
Substitute money from 20th to 21st June 1860
"wholesale loans agree with industry and all good and beneficial and secure and all not speculators -- you can buy safer than at any time of your life."
Robert Astor
Dr. Harmon
"I am the first and the last I am the first and the last and I am the first and the last I am the first and the last I am the first and the last I am the first and the last I
