shine out of darkness. — The sunshine of my soul has been
more bright.— My views have been more enlarged, and in
proportion to the progress from which I have reaped. Tranquility
and peace have reigned within.— I love to be alone as there.
When my mind is compelled to seek within itself the comfort
which is often denied by outward circumstances — when
I am close the door of my humble apartment — and commune
with my Master — and mine own heart — when I can enter
into self-examination — and say with sincerity — I love thee
O my God — and my greatest desire is to love thee —
when with humility I can practise my duty before the barrier
of hearts — when I can feel that I am nothing — as one
of the dust — in comparison of thee — I find I can take
delight in acknowledging thee as my Father and my best
friend — and in holy reliance on thy will — do and depart
all that thou shalt wish — believing that in trusting them
I do trust Christ — and in many other well-landed seeds
which thou hast sown — I love to feel myself as in thy
presence — and to believe thine hand upheld to comfort and
support me — and to feel in my privilege — as well as
my duty to pray for thy will — and my offering to thee
at such times as I shall be obliged in thee, and my whole soul rests
upon thee — O be pleased to continue to me such desires and
such lovely views of the beauty of holiness — let me still
turn aside from thee, but may I be daily growing in peace —
and in knowledge and in love — and be rejoicing in thine
vineyard, and preparing for thy inheritance, which thou hast
promised to thee also shall preserve unto the end! — — — —
He is the happy man, whose life, even now,
shows eminently of that happiness he is now
about to see. But tranquil states
do please with us, and we are quite sure
he would make his fate his choice. When peace, the fruit
of virtue, and when virtue, fruits of faith.
Prepare for happiness; Forsake him one.
Content precedes to happiness, all this he must.
Below the trees, but knowing there has been
the world overlooks him in the busy church of objects
— more illustrious in our view
and dignified as earnestly as the
tree more modestly — he overlooks the Church.
I do assure his fellow-servants for the interest them not
he sees not here, for he has proved them parts.
He cannot define the ground. Like summer birds,
Poetry gilded flies, which doubt be acres
his homes, their sentiments, her joys.
Therapy in contemplation is his bliss
White power is such, that when she lifts from earth
the matter familiar with a human mind,
And about him flames yet to be revealed.
But the spirit of the morning atmosphere
and reward of all virtues, different elements
of the water forest meadows, and the bird
that fluttered back, is longest on the wing.
But even in that short interval he has said
to that multitude of immortal fame
