spirituality of the divine life, method of exhibiting a temper - contrary to that doctrines - perseverance and Charity - which is the essence of Christian Truth. - thus only preachers divine must subdue the mighty power of sin - time and space in man's heart - and fire and indignation divine - enter into man's soul - the fortunes of the past days will not be without their use - they have led me to see something of myself, and at what manner of spirit I am in - were it not for these miraculous glimpses of the adversary - and of my own evil heart - I might have formed and be fitted up beyond measure - but then God must fit to bring me down - and I should have my own heart. I desire to be humbled in the dust - when I sin against thee - I make me more contrite - more repentant, than I have for any time hitherto, and be compelled to feel to thee as my only hope of comfort - touching and relying only on thee, as my Saviour and Redeemer. - The delightful experience of Love which have found from the Lord and the Son of my favourite Saviour Jesus Christ, will fill me with joy - further up her soul - this morning I devoted her latter words to the friends of Christ - part of which I shall copy - as the sentiment accorded so exactly with my own - the feeling of her devout address. The songs - I am not without hopes that they may have the same effects upon some pure minds, as the reading the experiences of others have had on my own soul. The experimental part of religion has generally a greater influence than do theory, and if when I am sleeping on the Christ, these enthusiastic thoughts assume a flame of divine light on the breast of the laity and most despised Christians, the glory given to the great spring of all grace and Charity. I have never done with mortal things - and all to come is vast Eternity.
Eternity - how transporting is the sound! as long as God exists, my Being and happiness is secure. Since an unbounded heaven, which the wise Creation cannot limit, shall be satisfied forever. I shall stand at the fountain-head of pleasure, and be rejoiced with the consciousness of original life and joy. I shall hear the voice of unuttered harmony, spreading peace and inexpressible comfort to my soul. I expect eternal life not as a reward for mercy, but a pure act of Bounty. Detesting myself in every view I can take, I fly to the Righteousness and atonement of my great Saviour - for pardon and salvation. This is my only consideration and prayer. It will not take judgment. O Lord with thy servants, for thy right shall be fulfilled. Be justified - for the blood of the Lamb I desire for an entire victory over the past enemy; and that before this comes to you. I shall have reached the celestial heights, and while you are reading these lines I shall be addressing before the Throne of God, whose faithful hands I have laid into vision, and whose long-thinging disciples, satisfied with the full fruition of immortal love.
Now while writing the above the adversaries of death have been present with me - I dread to think on my death meal. Shall they not be sincere? - I why will ambition, man my judge, and lead me to listen to Death I think it is only the suggestion of the only one - Lord there other works by so many mysterious hands - they resist to perform - drive every thing from my heart - God - from me - my Christian confidence on the divinity of divinity - Jesus Christ - the words of Providence thus they passed. Both thy words of peace - thus they were in my heart - and they have to offer peace in others - make me to experience the full power of thy gospel, and bring back that strength of refreshing reasons. I have once enjoyed - when thy candle flame when
