A thousand obliging things flow from him, upon every occasion, &
they are always as just and natural, that it is impossible to
think he has at the least power to look for them. One would think it
were the theme of good thoughts that discovered to him these treasures, which
he must have blended others from home, they long to directly in their way,
believing him equal the principle that it belongs in humanity to speak first
the satisfaction one receives on the utility and affection he pays to the
interests of others. His leaders are a silent, uncomprehending, of what is
good and praiseworthy, and a secret reproach of what is licentious or
irreverant. He desires how to appear free and open without danger of
intrusion, and to be malicious without turning toward. The severity of
his conversation is always combined with his wit and humor, and the
sanity of it is distinguished with something that is instructive as well
as badly sportable. Thus with him you are done not to be merry
at the expense of your wisdom, nor serious with the loss of your good
humour; but by a highly mixture of his temper, they either go together
or perpetually depart each other. In fine his whole character is
equally detachable from cantitude and resignation, and he commands your
respect, while he points your hearts. There is on his whole carriage, both in
expressing opinions, that one cannot persuade, and why he is ever actuated
by those powerful passions, which otherwise they find place, golden rails of
reason themselves in the outward demences of the fathers they belong to.
But his constitution is a rapid temperature between indiscipline on one
hand and violence on the other. He is violent and prone whenever his
affairs will give him space to follow his own inclinations, yet never
falling to exert himself with vigor and resolution on the service
of his science, his country or his friend.
Robinson, Speaker of the House
Wednesday, Dec. 7th - I have met with a whole department of
high opinions, my heart felt particularly susceptible and willing to
receive spiritual comfort and divine admonition. I attended Dr
Wells' services for this purpose -- but found in France was to be there.
On returning home I was unwilling to preach the good French (which
I trust it was) that would so visit upon me -- I have accordingly
returned to my department, where I shall endeavor to hold conci-
mens with my brother. I have read a small portion of his
word, Psalm 20, 21st. in which blessings are promised to the
servants and enemies to have positions accorded, giving strength
to their faith, and joy to their souls. "And I will hear him from his holy heaven,
with the saving strength of his right hand" the actual life of these
and their posterity, even length of days forever and ever. -- Then
that given him his heart desire and heart not withholding the reward
of his labor -- Robinson speaks of things in this subject -- and it is
