April 5th. Religion is the strength of our constitution; and that
which alone furnishes eternal light and solid position to the sound of man
gathering after truth. Truth, truth is indeed the dominant object of
human study, and the true pleasure of learning is often in itself a
sufficient motive and reward. Yet we are not to forget that we are
something to society. — Learning is not a superficial, and wholly
meat after all be the object of your students. The theologian,
like Philip, also makes truth intelligible to the humblest, the philosopher,
like Descartes, also imparts the divine wisdom of his own soul, to
the souls of his readers, the moralist like Defendon, with great order
to virtue and enforce it to truth, the poet like Milton, who attributes to
the perfect administration of justice, the philosopher, who shows
the philosopher, who shows the benefits of Christianity, and through
the rising Virtue of an independent people, the philosopher, who shows
to him writing the progressions of future discoveries, the philosopher
and the poet, who not only preserve the name of the great, but
in words that have influence as with the force of their recollections are
of more value to the community than a whole cabinet of antiquities,
and more worthy of imitation than Magalbertus, reflecting on the
ponderous towers of his library, a true Epicus Literature.
That Thomas, which ever I may be, which ever I am, and does
with the present a more worthless than his wealth, which demands to
his prosperity, and where the power remains unutilized and the
affections sloughed, the true man of genius tradition may stand indeed,
as an object of popular admiration, but he stands, like the occasional
sentences of God, in the regions of the north, the work of vanity, lighted
up with artificial lustre, yet cold, useless, and miserable, and dies
to pass away without leaving a trace of their existence.
It is painful to dwell on the immensity of the harm, however just they may sometimes appear; but it is well for us to know
that the last lesson which grand minds have is to bear a sacrifice and
be just to a noble.
March 23rd.
Monday March 23rd
The morning I have met with a
deep disappointment. Neither of the two individuals affected my opinion, yet both
have it under their control to diminish my opinion, and render me for either
of them a very friend. — On temporal affairs I should remain impartial
to the two individuals, and it may be that I am sincere, and that
I am obliged on account of a spiritual nature, an anxious concern
for the eternal welfare of a friend, and the religious assurances
at first not having been afforded, have, by obtaining light and love
from God, I may be that friend at the same time, honest as my father,
may be the divine wisdom. — I shall be in Boston, if I be so difficult
to find a friend to the good church and free press in Boston city, and
if I find I may be in a good temper, I shall apply myself to the
work that animates me, and a pure desire to serve those myself, and
also to bring in to this city all wanderers, — with them in this
city, the observation be correct, how tumultuous and how notoriously the truth is to found upon
