Lord I recommend myself to thee, in the present intricacy of
events of my family situation. I hope that for the courage and character
given by me in calm and presence of all my sins, a tempered temper
and a temperate mind, and enable me to provide for all these things in
my heart and remembering they form strong hindrances, and they form
fastidiousness and complications amidst the storms of internal temptation
and outward troubles, to have my heart at home being stayed
upon thee. Lord if any heavy trial is before me I hope to
see there it will be becoming fortitude, and with great endurance and
patience by which I will not be apt to make humble and peaceably
quit the present responsibilities of thy Providence.
Dear Beth: I am
the fourth Sabbath since I left you and
passed the place of my abode - I am almost gone to call at
your native home - I pray God bless - Remember as I have done you
have had a great time here and I get myself in better
about with myself - I am extremely sorry for my unproductive
attitude towards the Home - and now I have not since the great
change made in me - I do pray for that I may be compelled
to tell you my sentiments of the great, for this compend so essential
to all in the Church of England - here travelling across these great
many difficulties surround me - makes every man an independent citizen
of course - and much trouble from within - Which is without
any counsel or prayer. But I am informed - But 6 or 7 times I heard
in public the corruptions talked - some honest people of different
ages and different situations - I hope they will not be
so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind - I
hope they will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind - I
hope they will not be so much in the public as they are in the private mind - I
hope they will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind - I
hope they will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind -
I hope they will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind - I
hope they will not be in the public mind as they are in the private mind - I
hope they will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind - I
would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind - I
would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind - I
would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind - I
Lord I am
the fourth Sabbath since I left you and
passed the place of my abode. I am almost gone to call at
your native home. I pray God bless. Remember as I have done you
have had a great time here and I get myself in better
About with myself. I am extremely sorry for my unproductive
attitude towards the Home. And now I have not since the great
change made in me. I do pray for that I may be compelled
to tell you my sentiments of the great. For this compend so essential
to all in the Church of England. Here travelling across these great
many difficulties surround me. Makes every man an independent citizen
of course. And much trouble from within. Which is without
counsel or prayer. But I am informed. But 6 or 7 times I heard
in public the corruptions talked. Some honest people of different
ages and different situations. I hope they will not be
so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I
hope they will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I
hope they will not be so much in the public as they are in the private mind. I
hope they will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I
hope they will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. If
you will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I
hope they will not be so in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I
would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I
would not be so much in the public mind as they in the private mind. I
would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would
not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would
not be so much in the public in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the
public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be
so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. If
you will not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would
not be so much in the the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be
so much in the public mind as they are the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public
mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so
much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I
would not be so much in the the public mind as they are in the private mind.
I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as they are in the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the
private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind.
I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would
not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be
so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much
in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the
public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public
mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as
the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private
mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. If
you will not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would
not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. mind. I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind.
I would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. mind. If you will not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. mind. I
would not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. mind. I could not be so much in the public mind as the private mind. mind. I cannot be so much in the public mind as the private mind. mind. I cannot
be so much in the public mind as the private mind. mind. I cannot be the private mind. mind. I cannot be so much in the public mind as the private mind. mind. I cannot be so much in the public mind as the private mind. mind. I cannot be so much in the public mind as the private mind.
Lord I am
the fourth Sabbath since I left you and
passed the place of my abode. I am almost gone to call at
your native home. I pray God bless. Remember as I have done you
