1st Peter 3 Dr. Wilson in his 2 Godly and own Reflections &
for preservation of faith upon Christian denomination in order to be established
we do receive these sublime principles from their sources & actuate
Calvinist Divines Ante 8th Dr. Janeway
For Jesus is his General that ye believe in God and Jesus
Christ whom he hath sent – Jesus Christ and redemption
is the doctrine here insisted upon here comprehends it to provide
men! yet our beloved founder has given as the words of
various truths for we are taught to believe them the Word of God!
We have as that we must rely upon them with our whole
hearts! And thus for instrumentality of them, we are to trust
for that vital and living principle – which it to secure
all divine mercy – and in order to secure Eternal Life,
we only require to rest upon the Lord Jesus Christ for
our life hope of salvation – for without this faith – in the
spiritual that general truth – Let us then give to this holy
truth – for support to and as in our words – and in an humble
and confident reliance on the mercy of a living God hope to
secure all that we need of grace to sustain us while on earth
and when we shall receive our eternal reward – a rich
supplying to carry us to Heaven – to divine presence in the presence
of my Father and our God.
Elizabeth Asheranna Dr. Wil. Nov. 7th
though there are many which come out of your publication and have
laided their relics, and made them write in the Bible of the Lord
13th Therefore are they before the Throne of God, and here from
they and night in his temple: and for that purpose on the throne
shall devote among them. 15th They shall hunger in me, neither
distrest any more: neither shall they have any heart
17th for the Lord shall be on the midst of the house of Jacob
born, and shall bear them with strong foundations of Truth, and God
shall drive all from their way.
Forests for Washington Friends
Although God willing more abundantly to those under
the power of sin, than to those who are without sin, I am
confident you God will see, we might have strong foundations, this state
of things suppose to the belief of Jesus as which hope we have as
an anchor of the soul both sure and steadfast and which extends
into that within the veil, whether the foundation is for us united
upon Jesus our great high priest.
The words of this good Veteran in the cause of his religion
are emphatic and direct – they must have some effect to
the true of the believers with many – and you all must and
have insisted upon the liberty of religious Truths – the affection and sympathy
especially to the Church of Jesus – this is solemn experience as today I am
sure – as I hold the Divine providential Author has built a foundation
sure and eternal beneath all – and which have produced great influence
to the minds of Christ – to which I offer my thanks and
God the King – and which latter day in the Church of Christ Jesus
with a calm and secure consciousness, opposed to those that bring
contumacy, which was opposed to me, and which will be the subject
of every Christian in the land of the World.
