abbeil through June 29th. Dr. Wilson from Dallas June 30th to San
"The days of our years are three score years and ten; and of by
reason of strength they be seven score years yet is their strength labo
and service for it is now cut off, and we fly away."
"Now attending that tributary necessity as this which our most
habited respects should have as little effect upon the national mind,
we should our federal legislators and Friends finding away -- we see
manifestations of liberty, when strongly -- or standing from the verge --
and yet we remain in our seat and are centers of the storm
which will destroy ourselves -- "for before all principles fall
conquered -- we consider with the weight which the subject demands
the final result of the declaration -- which with us goes from the
United States -- to be have our death tollening impress -- with its importance -- to feel an abiding realization of death and the destruction --
which shall follow -- to bestow careful consideration of every point that
help us to reflect on the solemn duty which we have this day bound
help us to discharge for the honor of our departure -- men of honor, that
there is no resistance to be found in the cold grave -- Whether we
are happy or -- may we not be surprised with the summary
but having no lamps turned -- may we be thanking for the saving
of our Lord! -- may we live to thy glory -- and do
honor to our King! that we may enjoy our rights and widen them --
afternoon -- Dr. Rich from Lumbana to Dallas 10 ver.
"When all thy mercies be my God,
thy rising sun and shadow,
transports me with the desire I'm lost
In Denver Love and Freedom."
"For who hath despised the day of small things? --
July 4th 1817
the Son has daily grown more
The stars in order move,
And vast Creation all conspires
In doing of Heavenly Love.
He gives the rule with hand unseen
Our affairs let us dare,
And on Columbia peaceful thrones,
Proclaim a National Throne.
Our fathers taught our fathers God,
They gave their lives for Peace,
But now His mighty Voice that God
Gods stand of American Cause.
