must he have been frustrated with a desire of his own to
be acknowledged as his son -- and received the promise that
he should not die -- for the first time the Lord was taken
this proof was great for the Lord. But the Lord had compassion
on him -- and sent up his son to heaven -- He was
deceived only by his weakness, and was enabled to bring a day
of thanksgiving -- David now for the first time -- and thinking
he had sinned in so doing -- he repented soon -- and the
Lord said I will pardon him -- and David offered him -- and David
offered him 3 Kings 17 -- faith alone -- or that he
should still remain before his enemies -- they smothered -- he
had to be on the bands of God, rather than man, and de
fend a position -- which destroys many -- but David has done
it -- and David concluded from an altar to the Lord
according to his command -- and fulfilled the place, and the
offering -- that he might not feel that which cost him nothing.
Sunday September 12th. I went to our little village church this morning
with a quiet and tranquil frame of mind -- prepared I trust to
receive the words of truth -- Mr. D. spoke from God's word --
Ye men of Athens I promise that in all things ye are supersitious -- Ye
philosophers I speak of the weather -- with the four
elements -- Christ -- the doctrines of the day -- how tedious to give as
more than usual attention to my mind -- a different discourse
around me -- reduced to my little cell I am excluded from the
distractions of society -- and feel as tho I were shut out from the
world. Those of fellow I have been to a distant Van Doren -- I have
to answer with this interpretation -- is the Infinite God, whom Thomas
Jefferson himself declares I doubt him --
devoted most of the time since dinner to the preservation of an interesting
and most affecting journal of one of my country. Which -- it is
annoying to preserve the principle of faith on every natural feeling,
and the most indelible tie of love Bond and Sister -- and children
all can be given up when the Lord imprints grace -- and that strength
which no human power can give -- Almighty Father, have been given
placed to guard me -- portion of the life sufficient and in affliction
I have been enabled to preserve them -- I pray they will repay
me all my life, if their respect to death one day upon the earth
I expectation me still more -- than I pray also meet the trials I
may have to endure -- with resignation to God's will -- but if they
prejudice them should depart to grant that my remaining days
be prosperous and happy -- I bid and trust be spared to thank
me from God -- the only source of real joy -- I died on this
day July day -- endeavors to dedicate my body await to thee I should
leave myself in thine hands -- thank you for me -- my father --
the faith in which I shall go -- make it to affirmative place before me
above all my charges -- I desire to have willing to do with myself
only give me grace and strength to do all thy will. fortify
me for all that is before me -- my life be devoted to thy service -- and
when I have -- (now thy grace enabling me)
establish thee on earth -- will thy grant me a place in thy holy
temple on high -- where I may give my devoted and friends --
those spirits of the past made perfect. Who are now dying
princes to the Lamb -- and recipients in the victory they have
obtained and their last cry -- that my death may be
sinful in God's Voluntary Imprison Alliance to them. O my God. --
