on the narrow witness to the ground and reality of God's
in a letter from Boston to his friend.
I readily give you my thoughts on 1 John iv. 10 "For that
believe with the spirit, both the witness in himself, though perhaps
you will think I am writing a sermon, rather than a letter, we believe
in the spirit of God. Whether I think we may meet with in the present life,
our best concerns are Judge and our happiness is due. If we do not, whatever
the we may have or seem to have, we are in a state of condemnation,
and living and dying or we must furnish themselves, it is to be found
persons persuade themselves that they are believers, they cannot stand the test
of righteous, and there are many real believers who have the prevalence
of remaining unbelief, and the temptations of Satan, form hard conclusions
against themselves, the the scripture speaks peace to them.
But how does this correspond with the passages before us, which assert
universally, "He that has not with him the witness in himself, & for sure
a man have the witness in himself, and yet not know it"? It may
be answered, the evidence in its own nature, is sufficient and infallible,
but we are very apt when we think from a judgment of ourselves to
superior rules and marks of truth, which are not given us (for that
justifies) in the Bible, that the word and spirit of God, do witness for
this scripture is a point in which many are opposed, who are far
from being agreed as to the nature of that witness. It is therefore
very desirable, rightly to understand the evidence by which we
are to judge whether we are believers or not. - The importance
and truth of the gospel salvation is witnessed to in Heaven by the
father, the word and the spirit? It is witnessed to on earth, by "the
spirit, the word and the blood" ver. 7, 8. - The spirit. In ver. 8 (approaching
catholic a divine light in the understanding, communicated by the
spirit of God, enabling the soul to perceive, and approve the truth. -
The word seems to exhibit the powerful influence of Christ's divine love and
light in the word of condemnation, and the blood the application of the blood
of Jesus to the conscience, preserving it from guilt and fear, and imparting
a peace which pacifies all understanding" - and he that believes
has this united testimony of the spirit, the word, the blood, set by
themselves only, both in himself, according to the measure of his faith,
for faith has various degrees which is a living proof that the witness
is true, by the effects wrought in his own heart.
These things which God has united together, we too often attempted to be separated,
attempted of his dead have from a principal divine power and cause of most of
the dangerous errors and mistakes which we are to be found amongst professors
of religion, some say much concerning the spirit: and say shame to an inward
light whereby they should know the things of God. Where lay great streets
upon the water, maintaining a regular conversation, abstaining from
the dispensations of the world and aiming at a mastery over their natural
desire and temptations but neither the one nor the other appear to be duly sensible
of the value of the blood of abomination as the sole ground of their assurance
and the spring of their life and strength. Others again, are all for the
blood: can friends make of Jesus dead blood and righteousness?
the blood does not appear that they are truly spiritually enlightened
to perceive the truth, and harmony of gospel truths, or that they pay
a true regard to their testimonies without which no man can see the
Lord? But Jesus came not by water only, but by water and blood,
and the spirit Jesus witnesses both because the spirit is truth,
The water alone, affords but a cold, starthick form of godliness destitute
of that enlivening power, which is derived from a knowledge of the
