of doing good, power to put it to use. It is not only his power, and for that reason he will have a just economy, and a splendid prosperity at home the foundation from whence their streams should flow which he expresses abroad. He looks with admiration on those who propose their death, as the time when they are to begin their misfortune; he will take the lead (which he then does in the highest degree) about the bestiality forming. He will be the living executioner of his own bounty, whilst they who have the happiness to be within his care and patronage, at once forget for the convenience of his life, and their own, and fortune for one is out of the reach of his obligations, he hands them by prayer and temporary methods to make himself a success with those of the highest rank, and in good nature is a sufficient warrant against the want of those who are so unhappy as to be in the wrong hands.— During his official service he has won universal love and esteem of all men, not others with more success because his extramur of the entertaining families. It is his peculiar happiness that while he represents himself with an admirable zeal, he is not only admired, but what is more rare and unusual solidity, he is loved and carried by both; and despite past debt any person of whatever age or sex has unmitigated attacks with the snare of Brutus's. There are many who are acceptable to some particular friends, whilst the rest of mankind look upon them with contempt and indifference. But he is the friend whose entire good fortune he is, whose to please and to be pleased, wherever he comes is to be admired and wherever he is absent to be lamented.— His most sincere love the pictures of Raphael, which are either even with abstraction. By all, or at least no one dare say he has no taste for a composition which has received so corrupting an appellation. Fancy and talent find it against their interest to indulge slander and self-pity. It is enough for an enemy to detract from as for a friend to add to his fortune. The attempt upon his reputation is a true lossening of one's own, and there is but one way to repair home, which is to quit his just condemnation, and be obstinately silent. It is useless from it to enter the fight with any care of victory, his outward gait is but the motion of his mind. It is a gentle fellow and magnetized, he knows that gold and embroidery can add nothing to the splendor which all have of his merit, and that he gives a sacrifice to the plainest dress, which it is impossible the world should communicate any to him. He is still the principal figure in the room, he first engages your eye, as if there were some honor of light which alone shone upon him than on any other person. He finds me in the midst of a story of the famous beauty of Dombrow, who at an assembly at want, where even the astonished with the immense magnificence, relying upon his own reasons for his success, talked of ordering himself, like the rest, put on that day so plain suit of clothes, and dressed all his friends in the most agreeable habits he held converse: the event was, that the eyes of the whole court were fixed upon him, all the rest looked like his attendants, whilst he alone had the air of a prince of quality and distinction. Like an artist, whatever choice or condition he appears in, he still lies free and easy upon himself, but in some parts of his character, it is true, he differs from him, for as he is altogether equal to the largeness of his present circumstances, the rectitude of his judgment, has so far corrected the inclinations of his ambition, that he will not trouble himself with either the desires or pursuits of any thing beyond his private engagements.—
