to Zion -- and which, for the sake of his blessed spirit, to
Sabbath, to me this land in which I dwell dear to be de-
spised. Surely it is true -- and I have a mighty feeling that I am
in this position -- that at this moment my fortune is open
to his eyes -- and that all its advantages and motions are
placed in his sight. -- Liberty, liberty -- freedom, freedom --
liberty -- and I seriously feel the fruits of wisdom and glory.
Did I am wrong, this day of ambition, let me therefore be
invincible of my sin, publicly declare dear with they present. But
while myself debts a minister of peace, or shall actually
have it well within me -- and in the end thousand dollars, thrown
down between to bind up the Union treaty -- I do not
any wish, but me not rest in Peace -- but let this calm of
the soul be the beginning and provision of my partaking
life -- and a forbearance that more beneficial than I possessed
itself will say. -- this day twelve months ago my soul was
probably addressed to those, for the day was but just passed -- when
it had surrounded itself and all its concerns into heart hands.
Since which period an almost constant assembly has been respective
made -- and I would hope that it is that peace which
facilitate all understandings -- and which the world can neither give
nor take away. Some trials since that period have awaked me
and at the present time -- at this time of these affairs --
which are so thickly disposed in the paths of many -- I have some
reason to be thankful. That mine are comparatively light, and
such as can only to be borne, polishing or to dwell on
the considerations of Wilson -- which have enabled me to find
here some trials with fortitude and resignation -- during the
time -- that all this time were not at the moment papers and prisoners,
that they would unite together for my benefit -- or that which I have
not with their united force of an humble nature -- it has called
for the service of one of the most difficult of the Christian places,
and thereby the call I have in a great measure been able to
subdue myself -- and to do as I would be done by -- I have I
trust towards the circumstance, as we intended for my benefit --
and the circumstances which I have caused me to practise -- as
suitable to my ends! -- and now I may reflect. Let me
imagine they understand mercy. Let them know how often I have
saved their ministers spirits to comfort and console me in all
my troubles and disappointments -- amidst of my private affairs,
of myself as love only and love for humanity I can make
let me dedicate myself now to thy service, to be wholly thine
in a humble heart to be obedient, keep me from every error
from all sin, more especially that which most easily torments
me, ordeal all my concerns according to their varying wisdom
may I look up to thee as the dispensers of all events in all
the changes and vicissitudes of my life. May I draw thine hand
unfaltering in mercy -- and in be enabled to resist myself,
that I may have no unaltering regarding the future -- though
that my times are so fine hand -- and that all that they dread
is just and right -- guide me through life to with me in death let
he not be afraid at that solemn hour -- but remain behind me
as testimony on thee -- be ready when the tumults thistle will die to
fill away and be at rest --
