From your prompt service to me, I have already regained a measure
of health and spirits for which I desire to be thankful. I am
troubled in my mind by the necessity of dispensing of prebendary with
some great benefit to me. Which I shall never regret. — It
will God me to draw my afflictions still more from the ordinary
and if it, and all my afflictions do God lead me to thee. O my
father, I shall I not have reason to regret. I know that in time
past it has been so — I will then not wish thy presence with
thy peace at this time. and can I bear again to pay in the God
of free salvation. — may the Lord be truly assigned to
thy will — may the wicked die the rod. and whether in
prejudice or adversity — God bless thee good and gracious —
the same yesterday, to day, and forever. — Then when
Father and Mother, Brothers and Sisters, Friends and Relations
are with her — then with them be my eternal thank you ever,
pattingly, respectfully.
Wetherland June 55th — For a part of each day for a week
past, I have been deeply interested in the journal of the life and
writings of John Graham, an eminent saint in the Church of Christ —
I have found in his writings was her faith — how it supported her
in the midst of trial and suffering — how it comforted and gave
her in prosperity — the truth seemed to live a life of faith —
and by it — she came off stronger and more than conqueror in
the last desperate moment. — The water of Jordan rolled back
and the first safely passed. — I think I am looking on the bottom
of the Jordan's river. —
The second War party. from the Graham's journal
"Strange and mysterious is my life!
What opposition I feel within!
A stable human, a constant strife.
the rule of grace, the power of sin.
So often I am captured for,
got daily triumphs in my heart.
"prize the possession of Jesus,
Put Oh! what perseverance in fortune,
For in the Lord I must my own
I feel the burden every day.
I think his will in all I do
Let find my own in working too.
"I call the heavens my own,
And prize them more than pieces of gold:
For they have addressed a brave divine,
They have me warmly praised and left.
One hour upon the throne I stand
The next I think not what I stand.
"I love the holy day of rest,
When Jesus stands like father's sun,
That day I all the world the best
For its returns my spirit penniless."
