with Isaac, and with Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my
name Jehovah was I not known to them. — Offerings to the Lord
begun with Cain and Abel, and sacrifices and offerings were
made from that time. By all the generations of men — and the
offerings they were made by a special command of God.
"Israel ye make all the congregation of Israel dancing in the seventh
day of this month, they shall take to them every man a lamb, accord-
ing to the number of their fathers, a lamb for an offering: Your lamb
shall be without blemish — This is a remarkable type of the
Lamb that was to be slain — for the purification of sin, and
their deliverance from the bondage of sin, by the shedding of blood.
The part of the sacrifice was commanded to be offered thro' all
over of the earth — When the Lord commanded Moses to speak
unto the Children of Israel, his will concerning them he spoke by
which name he should call him — to enforce their obedience He declared
to them that day, "I am with you: I will not cast you off from the
children of Israel — I am with you, and I will defend you."
The Children of Israel are to join the sacrifices — no doubt
as a token of their faith. Here the Lord is in an especial manner
promised to be with them — and to protect them — as his chosen people — in
condition of their obedience — but notwithstanding all
the miracles performed for them — by the hand of Moses, they must
stand at their condition — Manna was provided as bread quickly
to meet the bitter wishes of their stomachs — water issued
from the rock in Horeb — a pillar of fire went before them to
guide them in the day — a pillar of fire went before them to
guide them in the night — the fire burned with coals — the fire burned with coals
to meet their needs — to fill them full of satisfaction — While it established
up their memory — This last Gospel made a greater impression
on their minds than all others they believed it was said — and poured
the Lord — and blessed over a song into the Lord — They were
brought to Mount Sinai — Here the Lord appeared to Moses and
to all the people — But the latter was not permitted to approach
no near, lest they should be overwhelmed with his presence —
a pillar of fire to Christians is Abraham from dying into Jacob's blessed
things which belong only to the Lord — From manna down the
ten commandments were delivered to Moses — on the presence of
the pillar — the voice of the Lord was attended with thunder
and lightnings — and thunder, and a fiery darkness was upon
the mountain — do that kind of blood by war made to trouble
the memory of Joseph's brothers of Bethulie.
"Spirit have their houses of clay,
Longing for their people's strength!
Forest fast they chain'd their enemy!
That He their deliverer may be."
Thus thy Guardian Angel spoke, "Pursuant to God's command I solemnly
declare I have with freedom left
the hands of life the bride of
Willemena from a world of woe
and the ransom's captive girl welcome to a land of rest."
Thus thy Guardian Angel sang
As for here thy soul on high,
While with balladry rang
All the joyous of the day.
