from whom millions were to arise. The Lord manifested divine
help to him in an apparent manner -- in a miracle by which
he became -- thereby he promised to become -- and the Lord said
"times of a treaty that they died shall be a stronger in a land
that is not their, and shall serve them and they shall not
leave two years: and also that nation, whom they shall drive
will I judge: and afterwards shall they come out with great
substance" -- a prediction which was fully accomplished.
In the case of Lot and of Abraham -- there appears to have
been a determinate answer to prayer -- Is Abraham the Lord
saying with regard to Ephraim -- I have honored thee --
Abraham promised to the Lord -- be planted on grave, and burnt
there an altar -- and it would come down that his sacrifice
were principally those of the heart -- when the Lord in
an instance appeared unto him -- he fell upon his face --
he also bowed himself before the angels -- thus humility --
accompanied faith -- -- the giving of God's is a
sweet and affecting instance of Faith -- --
But there is in his theology some references himself on the
subject of the great mystery of our religion. "God created the
world by his word, his reason, his power. You philosophers yourselves
admit that the Logos, the word and reason is the Leader of the
universe. The Christians merely add that the proper substance
of the word and of reason -- that substance by which God
produced all things, is the Spirit; but this word must have
been pronounced by God, that being pronounced, it was pronounced
by him, that consequently it is the Son of God, and God by reason
of the unity of substance. If the sun stands forth a day, his substance is not separated, but extended, and the word is spirit of a
spirit and God of God, like a light kindled at another light.
Jesus Christ proceeds from God to God, and the two with their
spirit form but are differing in properties not in number, in
order, not in nature. The Son arising from his substance without
being separated from it, thus this ray of the Divinity descended
into the womb of a virgin invested with flesh, and became man united with God. This flesh subsisted by the Spirit
was nourished from the tangible word. It was Christ."
In the history of Christianity and to day the Christians of
Isaac and Jacob, the descendants of Abraham, is entered. They
were both God's and founders of the land. They left Egypt
in twelve tribes as an account of the family of two brothers
While standing on the rock with stones in their hands, God a
marvelous dream -- he brought a ladder which passed up the heavens
and through the angels of God -- ascending and descending -- the Lord
also appeared to them giving them protection of the land whereas
he left one, and tomorrow he left a hundred offspring, and
last in his God stood all the families of the earth to Christ
when he would be united with Israel at which he had been
and exclaimed "this is none other but the Son of God and
this is the gate of heaven -- and he rose up early in the morning
and took the stone that had been cast before, and took it up
for a pillar and placed it where it -- and he called the name
of the place Bethel -- and he here made a vow -- In the Lord
