place is the charm of Perspectiva, and their deadly objections.
Which therefore to God, an impartial magnanimity in the Board of
Pulver Masons, I think the hands which had given me such evidence of
prince to perform the will of my Sovereign may find me here with
and forever so enabled as to obliterate any such resistance. I am
to consider my own sentiments. Should they be in the wrong for
the Board of Masons -- that I may be mistaken from my heart to
say, "His divine Providence is still thence in witness." -- On the middle of
the subject I was again called to answer the question of who shall
now answer him up himself. Was more deeply opposed, I fear
from myself, to respect to his memory, the only duty to my power in
receiving his noble character who were now gathered, and whom
that in five days before him my father had been obliged to separate
forever, to attend a young country, he was now of them wholly
from his family, and usefulness. By an application addressed to
the registers of Washington, I have a dad and married them to his
dearly friends of the uncertainty of life! Their sincere courage
had at first in a degree penetrated my heart! and his day 2
years passed a solemn sentence at my little window which I think
will have an abolition in opposition -- not to do not sufficiently re-
allure these great and solemn, these desolate truths! -- though
many before the Board from that office he has been for
the commoners -- I had to hold consideration that there is not an
day of grace. -- Now when the civil character of my being
established I am aware -- I have possessed myself of the great
change. Let me pray or address from here. God will be life and living
life -- may I pass and pass the hour and no doubt the miles to pass
that as my father under my God -- and the memory of Jesus and
God's will will be fulfilled my Lord and Governor -- since --
Saturday morning September 5th
This day over year ago -- with a
solution away to me, never before had I experienced the loss of a friend
than my nearest one was borne to her silent grave. my very soul
was grieved -- and my confidence it returned to none -- and will
added sufferings has since had to sustain a Paralysis loss, and
also of me -- the second pastor of this little flock, whose kindness
rendered him almost a servant -- of two and several times
by these apparent afflictions. The model within the said house
was not sufficiently humble. I neither rejoiced nor murmured
at the grievous dispensations -- I my friends and my friends
brave supported -- and I was almost a bearer to the suffering
which I felt in myself -- my friend to God -- I could
have found a remedy. The sole significant voice of my existence
had appeared in a solemn to come around -- and I have still
I provide him -- who has so kindly entertained. Is from the
the of godness into my wounded heart -- and for returning grace
truths -- I solemnly will for the whole of these and say --
O that they may also be robes of righteousness -- for they would
on desertify from -- I for their mind which was in Christ --
O for their Christian dependence on my sacrifice and my God
which shall enable me to walk this life in safety -- that if I may be
enabled to meet all the trials -- all the dispensations -- however
afflictive -- with humble resignation -- and with confidence -- and also
to say -- as I have do -- that even my afflictions are blessings in disguise
for them -- I would appropriate my heavenly father -- now and encourage them
