cause I do not permit myself to apply the principle of authority, the
land of Canaan. Because of the popular rebellion against me and all the
States of Israelites. Would you see the Lord refuse to permit Israel
to draw from Egypt in the Joseph period into the Promised Land
any more men than He "Because ye beheld me, & I developed me in the
eyes of the children of Israel" -- The Israel period preceded by water
to the Joseph. By looking upon it they were barred from the land of their
ancestors. -- But even a type of that event to which the Christian must
look for the breaking of their words made by sin -- Barabbas' call
is made to Christ -- in a request to him -- neither of Christ's
persons, he is by direction from Jesus, made to Christ them. He
predicts what shall happen to those who are there now. "There
shall come a great city of idols, and a sceptre that will cut off Israel,
and shall smite the temples of idols, and destroy all the treasures of God's
"Israel shall be destroyed" Out of Jacob shall come he that shall
have dominion --
Stephen's -- After an absence of two weeks, I find myself
again in retirement. Davies said passed my mind has been
variously affected, combines with tender weakness, and many of
a most painful kind have been experienced, yet he has found it
very well into the Esther epoch, if that feeling can be called so. I think
Pastor Calh for a moment -- putting Godly into a cabinet, and devote
itself of mind -- -- God loved any one having a desire the anchor
which led me to my native place, was mine, I went to dedicate
myself ardent to my God's in his holy ordinance. I experienced
a sweet and refreshing season and extended in a great measure
in something from my mind. These torturing thoughts, which
my situation at that time, was calculated to produce -- I intended to
frame my heart to pray -- and to devote myself and all my resources
to the hands of my Heavenly Father. So a most remarkable and
special way. He crowded all my wishes with success -- out of disturbing
circumstances, unconnected and unconnected for estate of things were
my request was not only granted, but God's good things soon'd be
given upon me in a temporal state, as were beyond my wildest
genuine hopes. -- But of apparent life, the Lord was astonishing
good to me all -- and blessed be his name -- for he will
never forsake the faithful -- He will turn them to Zion -- Should
his mission be continued, and I be the subject of divine judgment
destruction will come, should he conquer upon me that temporal
suffering which renders life pleasant -- It may my earnest be doubled
impressed with his goodness -- Should adversity give place to
prosperity, may I honor centre to address the faithful from
Thence out blessings God -- may I think of the absolute
the wicked and the sinners. may my heart and hand join
in their deliver -- may I remain my Benefactor, and be enabled
by the grace of God to explain my life to God's people --
Lord I would desire to please thy holy name, in which there are duties for me
to make me a faithful worthy follower to devote my time, my talents,
and all that I possess to thy service, make me instrumental
in doing good to others, and I enable me by thy grace to
have that Faith -- which shall stand me in a strong tower -- Let me
leave a testimony for thee -- may my life show forth thy grace, and my
death be the death of the righteous -- Though I differ mightily from thy
word in thy name I doubt scarcely all faithful servants
