abundance of divine providence, and my own imperfect perception, as
a creature - unable to do anything for my self - in the remissness
of this subject. 2. Heavenly Father - may I rudiment to act up to it -
be enabled by thy grace to arise myself into thy hands - and
in every part of my life - acknowledge God from all evil - fault -
in well as in iniquity - God - and will provide to take this
part in this awful - an act of grace - and with
a feeble worm of the dust - yet supported and aided by the well
praisings of Jesus - which at this time - while suffering for a continuance of suffering from them - should associate to thy holy name.
all power and dominion and glory now and evermore Amen.
" Infants are not content in being miserable to the
afflictions which come upon us in this world, but be also when
our heart is pierced with sorrow, can still love his God with unabated fervor and submit with entire resignation to his will - who
can struggle with his affliction, and inevitably pass out in a constant
endeavor to perform all the duties of his station, - that man will
with real fortitude, and whose the time shall come that all his
trials are drawing towards a conclusion, when from the brink of the
grave, he looks back on the various scenes of his past life, those trains
of affliction, which once appeared so severe will then be what he will
recall them with the greatest satisfaction, and the remembrance of them
will afford him solid consolation, when all the little pleasures of
this world are vanishing and forgotten."
Many these thoughts he deeply impressed on my mind! Many
very affliction he received as it ought, and then it will in the most
positive induce a change!
" What improvement as well as satisfaction may it afford us,
to form to ourselves the most perfect representation of every virtue -
free from every human frailty and imperfection and raise you
beyond which we have found in real life, to understand them
in their greatest excellence, - to feel our miseries doubled, and our
hearts warmed by the representation, while our most earnest desires
are excited to obtain that perfection which we admire, and upon
representation which can oppose our efforts, and even inspire which
may attend them, suppose struggling on the comparison and rendering
the attention of an immortal mind? Then is considered the great and
glorious purpose for which God's mind was intended, the purpose
where can satisfy it, the retardation of the power, and the duration of the
duration!
" In such undertakings as these the soul seems to approach God,
and enjoy the native excellence, it feels itself raised above the little
objects of this world, and turns to make some approaches to that happiness
for which it was formed, and which is even in the midst of all that present
misfortunes can destroy, and even in spite of a thousand disappointments,
it must forever console, while the power and the degrees of just effort
are carried of says which are calculated to satisfy them - for which
they were not given in vain."
Broadley.
