power in our breasts, to animate our loyalties, and to justify our
corruptions!
August 22d -- The communion of saints, another parallel you desired
my thoughts upon is the great privilege of all the children of God, they may
be separated from each other in body, and yet may daily meet at the throne
of grace. This is one branch of the communion of saints, to be present in spirit
to each other observing the common of the influences of the same spirit, they
feel the same desire, aim at the same objects, and are so far as they are
personally acquainted are led to love each other upon their breasts in prayer
or it has often been an encouragement to me in a dark and dull hour
when rather the constrains of duty than the consideration of privilege has brought
me upon my knees to reflect how many hearts and eyes and hands have
been probably lifted up in the same moment with mine, that thought has
often given me new courage. O what a great family has one father!
and what diversity does of the natural, is true of the spiritual life. Psalmix.
"There shall all upon thee that stand there mayest rise from their seat in due
season that then passed them, they gather their offspring three hands, and they
are filled with good" -- Then I particularly think of those who have been
helpful to me in time past, the reasons of divine communion we have enjoyed
together, the subjects of our mutual complaints &c &c -- Where we they --
have enjoyed each other's benefits this moment praying, or thinking about me.
Then I am resolved to make their case my own and by attempting
to furnish for them I set themselves in prayer for my soul. It is an
encouragement no doubt in a field of battle, to know that the enemy
are being to large numbers, and all in our actions, fretting on
from every side against the common country, and forming fronts
in every attack. But if we derive fresh spirits from considering
our friends and associates upon earth, how should we indeed feel if
we could contemplate within the soul and take a view of the most visible world? We
should not then complain that we were serving God alone. O the
number, the variety, the influences of that Heavenly both! not one sympathizing
race, not one Christian thing. How many thousands partake the
harmony from Astral brightness, by the heavenly ascension of now once?
at this moment it may be -- some few are enjoyed for the
delightful thought! -- for friends to meet together at a throne
of grace -- the blessed in body -- they may be present all in spirit --
this divine congregation, though of another's -- has brought forth
me -- often my heart -- to implore for myself -- and those I love --
divine direction -- and assistance -- that has been a precious Sabbath to me.
So we have no preaching at
an early Sunday morning this day -- the prayers of a good man now
offered in our behalf -- and we were permitted to sing to our
heaviest prayers! --
August 29th Sabbath evening -- -- The past week
has been a week of miraculous visitation -- my life has not only
been preserved -- but health has been granted -- and all the common
bounties of providence -- food -- clothing -- a home -- a peaceful conscience
and some prospect of joy in the divine life -- but unfortunately has
precluded I have endeavored to do faith to my fellow brethren --
and I have -- and still will for a blessing upon my feeble efforts.
</
