give her to do - - The thing of death is sin - but thanks
be to God - He has gained the victory - thro' our
Lord Jesus Christ! - - - O that thus the has left
many indeed be followers of the same Lineal - in whom
the has trusteded - that we may be partakers of the
same blessing - we ask our Lords for thy holy
spirit to enable us to believe.
Albinston
16th. Sabbath afternoon - August 18th Having no service at
our village Church this day - I have endeavored to make my
reformation profitable to my soul. - by meditation and prayer - I
have founded a portion of confidence and devoted an hour or so
to correspondence with a Christian friend. - I have desired to
make this a season of special prayer to my Heavenly Father - that
He would direct me as to my future path & duty - that He would
thrust for me all my changes - that He would order the bands of my
habitation - make the path of duty not only certain - but pleasantest
and in circumstances of time doubt and difficulty, make all
things dear. - O for that faith which shall enable me to profess
my position with a hope of acceptance. - O for a believing defense
of me in God unerring Wisdom. for a discharge of every spiritual
and temporal want. - Many the means are of my God
to be given - so far an opportunity is afforded me - in the desire of
my Lord and Master - may I delight to do his will - may I
be compassionate to his destitute brethren - kind and forbearing
to all with whom I am connected - may I be enabled by grace
to project those who have injured me - and return them good for evil
and in all things - may I tread a considerate walk - bring up no
reproach upon the holy preparations I have made - may I be
buried here for my sins - for my backwardness in the performance
of my spiritual duties - and above all may my heart be
found right with God at the last great day - O for many
heavenly spirits and souls be received into this heavenly kingdom -
to live and reign with Jesus for evermore.
How welcome to the hands, when personal
with the dying voice and care, and fill,
to the returning day of rest
Christ's blessed throne from the world awhile
Now from the Throne with drawn array,
They come to breathe a different air
Composed and disposed by the day -
All things another aspect wear.
How happy if their ill is past,
Where already the godful sounds -
The word is harnessed to their taste.
Remiss their strength, and break their swords.
The principle with property at home,
With charity affliction daily full.
At places amazed of they have come -
To yield our hands for heavenly bread
