cause us to examine ourselves -- in order to put out the evils
which under the influence of sensuality -- do often persuade our
breasts -- and have my thoughts wander'd during the pleasant
hours that I have desired to devote exclusively to my studies.
How many worthy aspirations have urged me to destroy that
sweet peace which the soul enjoys -- when in some inward
part of our noble communion with God -- when laying the world
hands out from its stores -- it experiences some prelude of horror.
Is that my heart was more pure -- should it produce laughter by
that spirit -- and must it alone be above the love of human things --
yet while I write -- the subtle spirit eager to yield obedience
against my judgment -- my wanderings passions strong, and
the tempter on the mountains of the devil -- yet I do not think they
never will be satisfied by such -- in the resolution of my best Friends
that hell wherever I may be -- or whatever variety may present
from my mind -- that the Love of Jesus will be paramount to all.
It must thus live -- divide -- in my soul still greater desire
to serve thee -- pardon the follies and sins of others -- my best
services -- humble me for them -- and finally by thy grace strength
enough enable me to subdue all my spiritual enemies --
allow me only earth love towards other objects -- as comforts with
which I have no doubt I may succeed in thy hands -- as I have
been on heavenly things --
1. Jesus divine spirit walks with God
2. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
3. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
4. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
5. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
6. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
7. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
8. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
9. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
10. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
11. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
12. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
13. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
14. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
15. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
16. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
17. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
18. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
19. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
20. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
21. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
22. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
23. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
24. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
25. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
26. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
27. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
28. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
29. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
30. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
31. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
32. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
33. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
34. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
35. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
36. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
37. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
38. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
39. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
40. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
41. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
42. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
43. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
44. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
45. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
46. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
47. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
48. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
49. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
50. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
51. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
52. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
53. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
54. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
55. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
56. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
57. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
58. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
59. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
60. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
61. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
62. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
63. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
64. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
65. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
66. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
67. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
68. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
69. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
70. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
71. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
72. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
73. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
74. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
75. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
76. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
77. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
78. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
79. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
80. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
81. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
82. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
83. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
84. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
85. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
86. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
87. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
88. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
89. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
90. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
91. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
92. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
93. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
94. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
95. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
96. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
97. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
98. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
99. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
100. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
101. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
100. Jesus divine spirit walks with Jesus
25th. Smith's the Book of Ezra -- and read 5 chapters -- Robinson's
the Book of Ezra -- commences with Cyrus king of Persia's proclamation
to the Jews -- springs from evidence in the rebuilding of the temple
He wrote Ezra -- the temple of God completed -- commences
and commences building the temple -- are hinder'd during the reign
of several Kings -- after Ezra -- their numbers depart from him -- and
distress them -- fall to that of Darius -- the building is completed --
and the rebuilding of the captivity closes the history -- part of
the passage -- Antiochus also encourages Ezra in his good work --
the temple -- again divided the command of their God -- by
marrying among other nations -- this proved Ezra -- and
by his command these families were separated from the rest --
Robinson builds the Wall of Jerusalem --
28th -- finished the Book of Nehemiah of Esther -- and read to
day to Chapter Book of Job -- thirteenth time morning a discourse
from these words -- As Moses lifted up the Tenor serpent in the wilder-
ness so shall the sin of man be lifted up -- this second day
generally brings peace to my soul -- and I feel an inward calm --
rest -- and security on it -- but more than commonly at all times
a circumstance having occurred during the past week -- with it has
given rise to thankfulness -- and peace in my soul to my friends
for all this service -- my mind has been perfectly retired all un
expected turns of events -- and an deeply calm out of of my troubles -- much fortitude -- and many struggles against self were
to be exerted -- before the end could be obtained -- thus the grace of God
often cheering me I have been enabled to perform which appeared a
duty -- and thus his grace I have experienced -- my faith appears
