is inimitable and inimitable, it is undoubtedly, as the majesties
conferred by the merited of Christ, the finger of God, as certainly
the gift of divine power at the occasion of the world. It is true
many who have this witness, walk in earnest, and are surrounded
with many doubts and perplexities concerning their state. But this
is not because the witness is not sufficient to give them satisfaction,
but because they do not account it so: being misled by the influence
of self-will, and a legal spirit, they overlook this evidence as too simple,
and expect something extraordinary, at least they think they
cannot be right unless they are led in the way in which the Lord
has been pleased to lead others with whom they may have conversed.
And the Lord, the Spirit is intercourse, and free in His
operations: and the Spirit will all who are the subjects of His
grace, the same views of sin, of themselves, and of the divine, not
with respect to the circumstances of His work, there is in
the features of our faces, and in an amazing variety, that perhaps
no two persons can be found whose experiences have been exactly
alike; but the Apostle says, that "He hath beheld, that is, wherever
believers with great exceptions," has this witness in himself; it must
consequently arise from what is common to them all, and not from
what is peculiar to a few. — Before I conclude I desire make two
or three observations. On the first place, I think it is plain, that the
prophetication of a real believer, living in sin or lacking encouragement
from the gospel to do it, is destructive of the least foundation in truth,
and can only proceed from an ignorance of the subject, sin is the
burden under which the sinner stands, and he cannot account for his
state of salvation from it, worthy the name of salvation. A principal
point of his evidence that he is a Christian, writes from that abhorrence
of sin, which he habitually feels. It is true, sin still dwells in him,
but he has it, and profits by it: upon this account he is in a state of con-
tinual despair: if he is not so he could not have the evidence in himself
that he is born of God. Again: from hence arises a solid evidence that the
scripture is true, in the words of God, because it so exactly describes what is
comprehended in the experience of all who are subjects of a word of grace.
While we are in a natural state, it is to us a natural God: though we can
readily, and perhaps attach to the parts, we can no more understand our own
circumstances in what we read, than if it was written in an unknown tongue.
But when the mind is enlightened by the Holy Spirit, the scripture be-
droves us as it does by some explanations every difficulty, matter which we
laboured, and profits on an acquaintance and spiritual security for the religion
of all our wants and sins. Surely it follows that the hope of a believer
is built upon a foundation that cannot be shaken, for it may
and will be admitted. It does not depend upon occasional and change-
able frames, upon any that is forcible and questionable, but upon a
correspondence and agreement with the written word. For upon this agree-
ment depend upon a train of substantial arguments and observations.
But it is self-evident as light is to the eye to every honest man as a
real participation of the grace of God. It is equally suited to all con-
siderations, by this the unlearned are enabled to renew their election of
God, and to repair with joy inexpressible and full of joy, and the
wisdom, in destitute of this proposition, though they may be masters of all the
extraordinary evidences of Christianity, and able to combat the course of his
judgement, can see no real beauty in the truths of the gospel nor derive any
solid satisfaction or comfort from them. I have only doubt you a few
hasty hints: it would be easy to enlarge. Paul I shall desire, not to write
a book, but a letter. Many this inwards wills with
