December 25 1815
I may hail Blessed Hood and all that in
Union we thus his only enemy. I would on the return of
this day from Forts under Genl. Jackson and Wood
and Genl. Harbison's order for the continued pursuit -- and unite
commemorating the day for which on the first day -- my
advent. I would with a heart in some measure impregnated
with the mysteries and stupendous events, solemnity devote
myself anew to the service of my Grand advocate in Heaven
desired on this second day that a flame of light still broke
on my soul -- I hailed the cheering influence and
mercy and adored the God who could thus see a
miracle of grace -- and a glorious miracle in the
intervention of God in a nation's ruin -- then best must miserable
and precious services from the bondage of sin
from God's hands I am sure justifiable of the joy of Heaven
in the delivery which I shall on all day receive. Call
Fidelity in Heaven. I am still unimpressed. God is praised with
all that I do -- all my duties are performed with wandering
of thought -- and affection fixed on the things of time. sensible
deeply sensible of them. I have, may the conviction induce
a greater degree of humility, may I be more and more my
own inquisitively to think a good thought, surrounded by these
gracious brethren -- look down upon me this day. pray for me
the consolation of the holy Trinity -- and when I go up to thy
dwelling -- to know the "good tidings of great joy" -- that a nation won
born to bless and have magnified -- among my fellow being not a fellow
me for you! -- I may I never forsake the faith I have
chosen -- but guided by thy counsels into all truth -- may my
faith be unbroken from day to day. indeed in peril me to
overcome every obstacle that would oppose my purpose in the
Divine life -- may I receive for on my day recipient
help true heavenly fathers thus the whole of Jesus' and blessed
then blessed Heaven me to bless God about -- I be with me in
the Past sad conflict. thank me in Jesus and God thank me
so die -- may I indeed be the death of the Ephraim
and may my last end be like his -- and may I always
inscribe into the glory and dominion and power and praise
of Jesus --
December 31st --
1815 -- I feel how wise and do you will you will to a
more -- and who can say that are the fault of those divine he may be
in resistance -- or numbered among the dead -- the existence and usefulness
of which I have heard this evening has given a hope to an existence which
seems to me of God and almost divine -- I have sorrowful reflections have
been caused by the words "all stand on Jesus for a safe harbor still" --
the harbor from which I depart, is troublesome and strictly profitable -- as
the price of his first love is money -- on the means of transportation -- on
his presence at different places it is not cheap -- the days of our years are
here like grass and fee -- and if by reason of strength they be found true people
yet is their strength labor and sorrow for it a soon as they are for me
a tool as it is to number an enemy. though we many think our country united
and many think admissions each year but takes nothing from -- many not
only takes admissions year but takes nothing from -- and I wonder -- be
