Sabbath's Morning June 22d Dr Wilson & I remained 18 hours
52 ves. - Therefore my beloved Brother, if you should move
with always abounding in the worth of the Lord for which we
go know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord.
O that the grace of God might enable us to determine into
the true state of our hearts. That we might discern what
are the secret springs from whence flow all those actions
which are determined in our fellow-men - but are open to an honest
searching God! - and may we not while reflecting the influence of
mercy for acres of brightness and luminance - laying up for
our eternal posterity consideration - at that day, when the
voice of men shall be dead - so God speak me and day me
grateful for by thy blessed Shield to speak and thy myself - though
I may deceive thy B U. that I will be faithful and the
laided on their affections - What causes this willingness to
lead out the sick - to visit them in their dying beds - to administer
comfort to their broken - and to their souls - what means
this desire to contemplate the dying death - to pity them the
consolations of thy gospel and aid them in their fight to
Heaven? - why does my heart distribute little joy - why
a ray of comfort - remove the obstacles - and a feeble
form of the sick - is enabled by their untranscendable to inspire
peace to their souls - and comfort to their enlited frames. -
Why these actions to save the distressed sinner - - whether in
distress or no health. Whether sick or healthy - in my opinion
in the performance of these actions - the accomplishment of
a false peace of mind - is it to gratify a selfish feeling,
is it to gain the approbation of those around me - to be
heard of men? - is it that I depend on Christ for my justification
with my God? - and do I make them the idol of
my heart? - his blest Lord - God speak it from me - love
thine - that I desire to give to thy little ones. - God to
teach me to furnish with the most perfect sacrifice of my heart -
teach me to love at any cost of bitterness - that may be
thine - speak me by thine own spirit - in me - and see
if there be any evil way in me and lead me in the way
providing - give me another sacrifice to love and to a time
may my obedience to thy commandments be perfect -
grant me saving favors. - that my labor may not be in vain in the Lord!
Afternoon Dr 12 - - Richmond Point of the 13th I saw
that I speak with the tongue of men and of Angels and have not sincerity
I am become as sounding brass, or a reeling cymbal. - 1 Cor. 14
