with joy they hasten to this place
where they their labourers oft have met
and while they part with his grace
their burdens and their griefs forget
Dois I wonder I put my friends in our
hands we the privilege improve
And find these comfortable homes
direct carried of the joys above
We thank thee for thy day, O Lord
Here we thy promises practice well
Open thine hand with provision third
And give us manna for the weeks
harden
August 10th. To me with our best desires after happiness,
in our many best frames. When our spirits are high our health good
and the mind in all its vigor, this God, who is present in all things
in our souls, when engaged in worthy concerns – the cares of life
the cares of this life – which occupy our thoughts – we are deprived or
deprived by disappointment, and every joy by the fulfillment of our
expectations – we give to material objects and persons our best affections
which are first, and forever – receive God's particular homage.
Why is it thus? May God! – the God with the unpolluted fountain
that is unfathomable – and damns those who, with their backs
to God, from the life of earth – even in this retirement –
When every thing about the favors of a disinterested power, and
Gods me to seek my happiness in sublime and heavenly
meditation – God I am alone in my thought, – and all Nature
would speak to me to aspire to Christian God, yet in the midst
of so much harmony and beauty, with I cannot dispense to love
the Author of its being, yet do I feel myself forgetting in
the dust – Pigeon's uncertain – and ever varying position – I
see my imagination – Light for lamps which are demanded me
I know that Infinite Wisdom watches the glittering wave
of the light my selfish will would dare – spontaneously
state and divine secrets. Is there no desired good? – my fancy
would delight to study with its own victor – – which would be
more entirely wound from death though it – – and one so long
as I find the first morning against the third – – and that we
may not cease to continue in divine degree. till flesh and spirit shall
be understande
My soul, that curious house of clay,
thy present frame abide;
Must quickly fall to earth a prey
And then return to God
Cast then thy death, poverty with you,
The change begot comes,
And say with death, that death destroy
I have a heavenly home!
The heavens attend then shall see
With new attending eyes.
Already has prepared for me
A mansion in the skies.
I see this modest walled cottage in the
Land long to see it fall,
That I may willing fly to many hills
To him who is my hill.
