my soul, and omitted a solemn divine. — Let me not have no
name to live, I'd am far from thee. — But make me sincere
and thoughtful in thy sight —
God moves in a mysterious way,
His wonders to perform,
The plants he puts in the sea,
And makes upon the storm.
Death in imperishable times,
Of time nothing shall
The treasures of his bright designs
And under his sovereign will.
Ye faithful saints, your courage fail,
The clouds are on much advance,
Are big with heavy and dark clouds,
In darkness in your heads.
Judges will the Lord by justice choose,
His trust from for his grace,
Beyond a shadowy experience
The hideous smiling face.
His purposes will open fast
On nothing every hour,
The God may fear — in bitter death,
But doubt will be the flood.
Blind, unbelief is given up now,
And damn his worth in vanity,
God it put down interpreters,
And he will make it patent.
Fewest lines of my awful soul expressed! — How delighted the
devotees they will celebrate — a confident belief that the Almighty can
bring light out of darkness — and send all things in order for good, to those
who love him.
Thursday — My grave of mind has been short and tranquil
to day — and this is the more regrettable, since I have felt for
some days past, I doubt the Lord has been present to my soul — I
have been enabled to comfort an enemy within the camp — and enjoyed
for an hour in the morning, what appeared a more than usual improvement
in prayer — and I have more than commonly anticipated while hearing so
particular description of the Lord's visitation. — I have also noticed — I love this left behind me.
If I have any reason to desire them to be — I think I have felt
to day more truly aware of the wonderful understanding of the Father
in his scheme of salvation — and have been with more of faith in
Christ, his suffering, and dying — I think I could feel it still more and
have every Christian peace in my soul's conscience — I desire to be more
used for Him — that I may feel more my need of a saviour — and feel
continually that I should fall short of the divine faith — while trusting no
life of eternal security — At this season then and doubt of God's
granting this blessing — I propose to use for the solemn remembrance before
me — and grant the desire of my soul — a trial of my perseverance at
this part — That I may love him with my whole soul — and
my neighbor as myself — I pray for this blessing, I pray for
faithfulness — I pray for me the divine manifestations of this love —
and all the divine blessings to be thy means — I pray that
the Lord our Righteousness & God over all, Jesus Christ, will
