americain to meet Lord & lady Cecil who was
to address them & answer questions. Repeated
as we did it w. sir Bass.
lined at 8.15 p.m. Sir Herbert & lady came. She
said Sir & lady Boudin, Britte Min. to Paris
only could be lifted. In 1909 let even the election
in Albany & stay w. her Prince, but because of
the deaths he stayed on Robert Pringle.
her board here were, that the treaty included
the Danish Min. to Switzerland, a Dutch Progressive,
an civil & lady Herriot, & lady Robinson-Hamnett.
Wed. Sept 16
arrived at Sirs. clubs. March on Italian senator Stepp.
Letitte was there and said his business other places
were to have a large dinner at which the Americans
are working in the league were to be present; that the
dinner might be held in a hotel, in which case
she could not go; that if it were so need she
wanted us to dine quietly with her.
called on Mr. H in the afternoon. Bullard and
unaccountable silence.
Dr. Wild with Sir Bass, Sir Thomas Austin Bullard,
David Fanchier, Sir & Miss Gilbert Exmouth,
Mr. Morrow, correspondent of Times. News were
there. They told me it would be a family dinner!
Thursday. Sept 17
In morning went to secretariat and found on
50 eastern soldiers of the 2d. of N. they are to be
sent to the butcher, manager of Red Star Line
authority for me.
Had my harness wired by counsel of Second
Division of Luxembourg, cost 5 francs.
brunched at 11.15pm.
called also to bid good bye to Prof. Hudson.
Sent Mr. Rhodes a check for 25 to take
the annual course lunches and he was very
grateful.
In afternoon went to secretariat & saw Dr
Stolwell. He said he believed the current
British delegation on their travels -- except
Lord Cecil -- had little sympathy for the
league, except in so far as they could
dominate it; that they were opposed to
any present consideration of disarmament than
either all the other nations wanted
immediate conscription; that very
easily they might have to fire on in
fact, but there would be few no doubt.
on their part; that there was a possibility
