156
maturity and very probably old but some terminate
or to lateral and punctual by any one bank, but that
it old not by barred such alterations altogether;
that the Bank however now being established was
obtained through the voluntary appointment of
the 1st and 2d Parts, and that any Bank old at
any time would could then as of itself
own agency in 1, 2, 3 and every so ever has on
itself duly, only to remain subject to Board; that
thus several appointment that such alterations should
be conducted by the latter right Court was a
will out an it constituted c. g. 1, 2, 3 but bringing in
selling of its own valuable security only to remain subject
of Bd.
seller denied Class 1 of the 1, 2, 3 Bank designated
under this arrangement
seller denied that the 1st Part should to order
call Money to allocate in Bank was only thus
two other Right Court.
that if such an order would be tantamount
to saying that the MNB had power to take
away from a MNB and of its most important
functions & vest it in a Bank of all the
States or in the Bank itself which could
make the Board a true system in effect a
157
central bank.
that cited a former vote of Bd apart authority of
Phil. to buy a long the Red Bank & said such votes
was illegal.
that omitted 1st of all Seller was right the Bank could
take away from MNBs the right to control
due. With and vest it in a central Diet
Court of all the MNBs in the Bd itself.
Seller threatened to tell the HN Court of their
attitude -- that sued he would if he continued
Seller threatened to tell the HN Court of their
attitude -- that sued he would if his continued
25 Gold.
record Seller from West Philadelphia that a new
disturbing Co. had bought holdings of Central
Gold Co. in Red. Coal Co and that he and the
had agreed to sell their common stock -- cable had
bet 17000 x 100 shares -- at $65 per share.
He set new Co wanted them to sell in on
their present holdings, but that he old by
made claim of him Bd of his interest. It is
not that the gold not continued as President
