32
equally in offensive, I then called his attention
to two letters to Albany from allowing all attacks upon
and saying he applied with every word in it and
that it could have been expressed much
stronger.
Mr. Stafford Glass. He said the men on
this occasion were that Mr. Strong wanted to
put up rates on N.Y. which he and Litchfield
districts would require many facilities and
that district action should be used instead
of a combined vote that they needed no
action on Albany. He said it was clear and
undisputed that N.Y. did not put up its
rates on out consent of Board, nor change
them in any way.
Mr. Glass finally said he had heard a very bitter
discord with Mr. Strong and that he
probably wanted to show to him that the
Board had been wrong; that the request
and the opinion were one growing out of
war experiences and that not without the
law in place time.
Mr. Glass said he could hardly want to state that to
the public and he said decidedly no.
Mr. Glass said he felt this House was
absolutely essential and that it should be
33
specificed only in great interpreters & that he did
not believe strongly enough in immemorial
& this particular exercise of it; that he
felt Congress should provide that it should rely
on experience by opinion, vote of 5 members.
Glass said the matter must be taken up
by Congress and that the House, according
& to exact skill action be taken away or
limited in some way, and he could not
at present consider it.
He could not trust to time it was an evidence of
the desire of some members to curtail the
authority of the Bd at work.
Mr. Glass said he appealed to Glass as to the excellence
of the House in this instance but not
as to the House itself.
Glass said that under such a House the
Bd. did not in one instance rate over
entire County when they intended;
that the motion was made as
anything else killed the address and
that the Board must be sent to the
House where they would be consulted;
that the Board had not voted so as to
draw all of the money of the county
