150
am 11. holiday
Red second athlete to run better on miles in all rates
on 4 to 4 1/2-16. No question present. only Platt,
Miller, Jones & Cott. Cott called up both and said
the directors will reconsider; that their desire
was based entirely on local interest; that their
course course had received 40 millions since
set; that they ran 70 over 56; that they
desired better distance & looked Red used
decide case at once. all times still selected
to Red, Cott said he in his personal letter to
the dated Sat. at 6.45 and said consider
hand changed & matter tried become a
hurtly local one. He said that to silence
his athletes in ground that N.Y. held
rapid case of it by building cellar of first
classular could be certain, to saying that
N.Y. was the cent. city of U.S.
Miller, who in Sunday told Platt & Cott
in still temporarily absentent, now returned
a somewhat and said that to silence
it would be to annulment formally that
Red would lay to contract themselves in
the cycle. times direct rates
still selected that Red & Cott
at their two weeks of the discount
151
one being used for steam, steam; that temporarily, the
Board old decline to reduce under such conditions;
that this, of course, was immaterial in all the
trades were interested & it would be certain, to shutting
up the Miles; that if the Red old refuse altogether
it old put up rates to discourage such businessmen
Miller said if the Red should refuse to reduce
it would be a great disaster. Jones asked in Miller.
Cott said the Miles of Boston old not sell Steamers
on the N.Y. and that rates reduced even it
only moderately would; that it would be necessary
to buy to Boston - N.Y. can not or dare not
sell example does it. Boston cannot double in
silence.
Jones said he attempted the business at N.Y. was
triumphing results & even pouring welcome to
answer at Boston. Cott said if this was so it
would be absurd to refuse to allow Boston to
make its self any rate reduction. Jones does
not answer this
The Miller were kind of w. Jones leave Red
& old not come in to make a general; not
adjourning until tomorrow
His success, much of John Hunt, son of Catharine
Hunt dear of Independence
