116
merits.
cost of this arbitration was not all on a special
merit of rates by a uniform amount and
was simply an arbitrator's own decision of
one M. Bank; that if he were a director of
the Erie, Bank, etc. the knowledge he had had
to this am. bill would have voted against
an increase, on the ground that no certain
local reason was given, and merely the
prerogative loan charter in N.Y.; that upon him
and com. was not abdicated by the N.Y. charter
charter; that he did not come to revise
the amount of shipping tonnage affected
interestment in business by the mere cost
of hauling an end to N.Y. interest; but that
the telegraph line between New York and
Washington was a distinctly
local reason for a change in rates -- why
that M. rate went out of line w. exclusive
rate -- 3 1/2 M and 4 1/2 cent; that if the
Bill overruled the judgment of the Erie
directors we would have to take the
walter in transit number; that our
object is to do the Illinois selling sees
in N.Y. interest had not Arbitrators
117
attacked the brokers loans; that we did not overrule
the judgment of the Chicago directors -- who had
the right to establish the rate unless we could
easily establish that their judgment was
wrong; that in view of their claim that the
M. rate was out of line, he was not satisfied
that his judgment of the Bank was so clearly
unanswerable to warrant any overriding
the directors judgment; that he respectively
and reached the conclusion to vote to
abstain from interest.
Mr. Collins expressed similar views except
Commissioner who did not remain on the
merits.
On vote, every vote was abdication except
Commissioner who voted 20 and said he could
place on the record his reasons for voting
June 25. Will.
But two or three salary adjustments, allowed
and except N.Y. Railroad & S. Bank.
This motion to abandon 3000 men. to brokers
failed by 211 vote: Agt Em J. Cobb Platt
No. Miller Commission & Comstock.
Long discussion over Harrison's favored measure
on 30 to 4000. Finally Sec. of War called in
