186
the suit, also said she knew she would not live
more than 3 years & she wanted to have an order
on all her family relations before that
June 25. Sunday
Reichard called me up at lunch & said Cleibour
had her she must have a lawyer to represent
her while she was abroad, in Buffalo.
She asked me to find out about the business
Burkley, Stanford & Sawyer. Since one could recommend
Franklin Sinclair of about twin. Colby of our old
and may not have quite as much of
Mr. Howard H. in Buffalo to ascertain.
He said it was, excellently
June 26. declined to give P. Current even radio
June 27 Wed.
(Third w. Reichard.
She set the Roosevelt matter was off; that she forgot
to tell me that I told her that some of the
young friends put counsel of the matter &
refused to tell as the "Rich twin style" & told
her he ought to cultivate her. She said
Ellen Diamond called yesterday and said it
was well for her to take some young men
about with her to look after the money
187
supplicated a Dr. Johnson and Foxhall Danversfield
either of whom would older than Roosevelt; that she
must let Ellen Diamond write a day or two.
She said that if she could get a married man
paid he would he thought there would be no
scandal, but that undoubtedly I am sure I had
too much regard for her to see her trust in
the hands. She advised her to go with her
married & with no one else. She said she had
considered Kate Rainey who had been a member
of Mrs. Donaldson (now deceased) wife of the
President of the Comm. Nat. Bank, and also of
Edith Curtis. She said she called up the
Dundee who seemed rather uninterested &
finally, she thought, cut her off on the telephone
She asked C.D. to call her up & he said
he will tomorrow.
She said it was awful to be surrounded
with a lot of rich women -- that what she
wanted was a man who did anything
for her accommodation, trifling do and take
her to the office, cafes, and in excursions
She is candidly set in having a man
to handle her money immediately her husband
June 28 Thursday
called up Dr. Donaldson & when I saw a
