132
Mr. N. Webb
two weeks ago, in the 2d time, we are met with
2 of N. to send a note to congress. Paris being summer of
constitutional experts of congress. was the 2d reason
to accept it -- see section 2. 124, and said said the
state debt should be consulted on this matter cause
not been a cent less had been the 2 of N. said
unbelievable that this was agreed to. Later,
however, Colly told him the 2 of N had been
notified of and assisted in, and at once
laid Rev. J. to write a letter to the state debt
of Albany the matter. said also may Prof
Young, advised of the state debt and told
him about it. He said him 2 of N should
have addressed the state debt -- to which
said agreed but explained that by some
misunderstanding the assurances had
been sent. Rev Young wrote the state debt
and said if it did not address the 2 of N
would hasten up a recommendation of its
vote.
today the 2d of state sent him a letter
imagining he could ask the President of his
office world and could advise us. He added that
if any communication should come from
2 of N again, he limited us would advise
133
the state debt before acknowledging my d.
see below. that any business could probably
with us must stand a fine. Watson still address the
Sec. of State & must on the 2 of N is a collection
of Valence it should have done this time.
It was an unfortunate blunder on our
part in sending this letter of acknowledgement before
communicating w. State Debt, and was distinctly
recollects send the secret & it was understood
that the state debt was first to be consulted.
Mr St. Debt would not have known of this if
he had not told Prof. Young about it.
Rev J. Platt, Cass & Cunningham went before
banking & curr. Com. Comte in the Hartford, Watts
in Lincoln Comte. Prof. Shrapnel of Havens
also was there. Cott got bids consent to
act. Shrapnel to come down yesterday as he
wished to consult him, as did Hensley
even often. But Members, whether or not they
had heard from Shrapnel was to go here
and insisted to him to get the Comte to act
dangerous to appoint, not on recommendation but
from an independent individual, which
Mr. Shrapnel did.
