44
to any such reduction and when he went to the
Board at nine o'clock he was
stuffed at nine o'clock. Then 200000 from 7 -- all of which
refused to reduce rates from various sources
and came to me that little difficulty obtained
reduction in Tolke w. banks
after him demanded the 3d reduction and an honest
letter the council asked me to come in. Collett
in Committee read a resolution condemning the
Board, but in a deliberate compromise, be quieting
in the rate. Committee said this was a result
not to be relied on general failure of 3d & need
to be explained
early this morning, before council meeting, called
on Elkins at 10 o'clock and said he was
going to write Millen and advise the
suggestion made to him by Elkins, bankers, or
the 3d Bank that they have been absent to review
the matter. I said advised Elkins if he could
withdraw his to say to Millen that he
would not do it to leave him alone. Elkins told me
he saw no objection & advised me to say to Millen
that he acknowledged him responsible.
citizen accordingly wrote Millen and supplied
45
ending to Albany from the men of the Board
which he attached to the letter. He also
wrote Millen he would get him opinion of policy of
police from Harrison & that that also would
be attached.
citizen called on Mr Harrison who said there was
also an opinion from Collett & East given to the
Board of Directors; that he could get authority from
the Board to give Millen to see Millen to consult with
citizen.
later Harrison called citizen to say he could
communicate with Alexander of the council and
with citizen both the opinions of Collett & East
obtained & advised citizen to give Millen, Alexander
to give citizen to give citizen to citizen.
about 2.30 P.M citizen and citizen, w. Lee Millen
& citizen citizen went to Washington. Alexander
came in citizen he was w. Secretary and
gave citizen citizen opinions & citizen gave citizen to
Millen. He told Millen turn around and
turn around to leave Washington a letter &
attack the citizens. He explained to
Millen as to Elkins & citizen citizen was
even though of a Republican citizen citizen should
