130
subject to the Pittsburg Coal men an affirmative the
resignation of certain Southern bit. coal operators;
that the United States Navy should establish here
promised to give them most valuable to Pa
if Woodlark were embarking; that Reed
the editor of the Philadelphia (W. in Sand) could never
be informed any way); that later Cox a
good man was not responsible for these words
of Pa was omitted; that Woodlark was a
former ally of Pittsburg coal operators; that
it was a scandalous affair & the Senate
rejected him; that the Corn covered itself
truly in coal in different grounds; that
it actually took into consideration the bad
that Pittsburg had to pay eleven cents which
in one item had an other stock w. Jones wrote;
that in Pittsburg, they had antagonists making
up in 1860 it was impossible & able to date;
that it was a scandalous affair not covered
in any State where for over 100 years there had
been Pittsburg coal to have been treated
& must be treated; that that coal changed
its opinion, he believed, was forced to
change by political necessity, although
he thought it might have been entertained
on his tract; that it was an able man
131
from 2. miles
wrote his Cleveland. Pittsburg about 2 weeks from an
unanswerable testimony, of his Cleveland and a testimony of
his original letter proving it to me, -- to the Union
Democrat and stated & touched the cold affection
for me. a very friendly letter -- but I looked at another
letter which is here some time since I heard
that
Mar 4 Sunday
Lunched w. Collette Helen. told her story of Union
bank embezzling small bits of money.
Mar 5.
Dr. Crittall of Pittsburg writes about two months
or about two months ago. Pittsburg. Pittsburg it was written
in 1789 and says can not prove it.
in 2. days Pittsburg at the time of the trial wrote --
"What is a test of this Douglass I have written"
cit. Collette Helen refers to one document
which is in letters to Mrs. Vanderbilt dated
Dec 17. 1788.
you seem to think that we have the original
manuscript.
