128
to Rensbach had been in a colony in his Coracles; collected
in Philadelphia, which Dr Rensbach sold him several
years ago with other curious monuments for $8500.
Under these changed and secret arrangements, and
the United States completing their monuments at
worth $100,000 in and of an American to what it
would sell for, they own idea would be on
$1500 to $20,000.
we should not care to offer at such a recent
interest than $20,000, which would leave to be
announced in ten catalogues. So their interests
you at all cost shall be placed to so further
into details.
Yours very truly,
Britches Kennedy.
2nd 26 Tuesday
short evening in San Elias. He said that the
trading of live scalates of merchandise of the
river that there had been large sums
of money belonging on the Hull amount of the
the Jackson had won on ballons: -- that Col. S.
Sackett & he were fixed on the Sub Comm: that
they both went about leaving Elias to look
into the matter for their consideration who
129
they returned; that he, Glass, and Elias & General Steele
$650000 had been ruined by the Erie, vessels and
client in both, of the Hull amount; that many
other things Eng. Hull a millionaire, had been
used his experience in going to annex temples debt
at Calais; that Eng. Lewis had been owed
$20000 by canal proprietor; that Lewis assisted
Elias while on the conference Comm. which was
to settle the question; that this was really a
crib; that every came to him & second Lewis
was a deserving man & that this pharisee could
kill him; that he consulted Dr Rubbin the
telegrapher of Lewis who finally said that
the present subject & probably could have a
serious effect on his health, as he had heard
divers & many dizzy turns; that he did not
want to kill Lewis, still as he had always
hated him & despised him; that he usually
consulted his 2 collagues in these returns & other
simplifies and it was generally agreed to death
the matter in view of Lewis's wealth.
Elias also set him Reed (Pa) told us wordless
minute by minut. Com. Comr (republic) awesomely
to get some one in Comm. who old replace the
comm. while its decision and give a better
