110
with this growth.
Rasburn believed rates should be increased and
that it would not hurt business,
all agreed however that securities should be sold
first.
Rasburn said that cooling steam would not
decrease the problem of obtaining in stocks but
that it could encourage small investors to
hold or increase their investments; that the
steam was most unfortunate.
Mr Young said securities should be sold first;
that a change in discount rates does not
change the quantity of credit, while a
sale of securities does & that this was the
better course.
Present: Sec H. Emery J. Cox Cunningham & Platt.
Board took up question of ems.
Mr Platt offered Molinon allowing sale of land
to land of building lots & sell with accompanying
bonds to buy deed immediately if money not now
between required such act.
Platt moved to subordinate by a similar walk
band more closely in corner necessary.
Cunningham moved to subordinate such necessity
unanimously carried.
111
Returning for 4-7, Sullier, after consultation with Alexandrie,
whenever he returned, ordered necessary water to enable engines and forwards
from 1st to 2nd Thursday of June 1866.
at 3.30 am sent one in the House every ten feet
along and then went embarking for about an hour.
No one! a practical joke!
Jan 13. Tuesday
We dined with Collett Ladies.
Present: Mrs Wilkins, Asst & Mrs Grayson, Mrs &
Mrs Thirielandler, Cannon and Mrs Robbins, Mrs.
Delano, in Ladies Law.
The Wilkins was very cordial. I talked with her
a little before dinner and sat with her after
dinner. She seemed very much interested in
how we had to live, and asked often about
the United States and even her belong, she asked
how much varatate I had during the summer and said
I looked so well. Her evident eagerness to
talk to me was really surprising. Finally we
are almost ballasted and weather bad
she asked if we would not let her direct
us travel and even delegated her when I
said yes. On the way home she was most
sweet to me both, called me Charlie etc.
I am satisfied her confidence in leaving to work
