26
not then moved as a substitute for Cunningham's
motion that consideration be authorized under the
section meeting on Friday, Sept. 29.
Critt pointed out that from Health's letter it
was barely evident that Chicago directors
would reduce in Friday and that it would
be transpiring to take immediate action now.
Some strongly objected to any further delay.
He said the reason for action now was that
he knew that all of the Chicago directors
had expressed a strong desire to reduce
the Illinois rates as it would cut down the
profits of the Illinois bonds.
Critt's substitute motion was left:-
Byt. Cox. Miller. Platt
No. En C. Jones. Compt. Cunningham.
Cunningham's motion was then discussed,
Critt said he firmly believed the Board
and the House, but that there was a
very great case in color to prevent it; that
he also believed rates should be reduced,
and that he had in mind offering a
motion that the Bd could borrow
interest on commodities rate of 3 1/2 in
which allowed any col. received during
27
unbelievable asset. States when ten rate
changed on ten one pct. did not exceed
6 1/2 a second often rate to be buy at by Railroad;
that he felt that the underlying reason
in minds of Bd & Coln best counsel at their
meeting, when they favored a reduction of
rate, was a national one; the desire
of N. Y. to reduce its rate to 3 1/2 20 to maintain
its of England in maintaining the fixed standard
which might be embarrassed if the Bd
of Eng. went barred to increase its rate
as it could have to do, if N Y did not
reduce its rate, on the elevated section
4 1/2 and 4 1/2 20 (1/2 of Eng. rate) were not
enough to keep gold from going over here
to U. S.; that he believed this was a fixed
reason for reduction as a state agency would
standards in Eng. Entitled Eng. troublesome
handle but will exhibit this troublesome
affliction.
Critt also said that the Board should not
put in a rate solely by determination
reason such as this, and he seriously
doubted its power to put in a reasonable
rate in order to help N. Y., help the
Railroad situation.
Critt also said that at the Coln hotel
