170
very heart of M. Pallett.
He also told them they, if they only were
to control credit were thus discriminating
and in June 11, 24, refusing him V.Y. in obtaining
any credit in V.Y. sales because continuation
of sales of steel
also in June 18, on 2 licenses he obtained
in Boston sale saying he never could vote to
trust us sales to control stockholders, and only
reluctantly voted obedient in P.H. ability
he could trust told him other best officers
were not succeeding in V.Y.
CRS that in a liable indebted under two
directions by United Steel showed that in
the 4 years ending Oct 31, 1927 and October to
April 1, 1928, when debt obligations + assets
increased only in 2 of these years but that
total indebted in these 2 years actually
decreased; that in these other 3 years
periods, Meredet increased, and all
debt obligations + assets decreased.
In his letter of May 9, Keller asserted these
attitudes toward United Steel, United Steel directors
with United Steel were the very heart of M.
Pallett! CRS quoted this in his
171
testimony before Court.
Holdenwerker told CRS Keller felt very bad at
his testimony and had tried to shape out
front of it - cable, his attack on Gov
Steering, but that the H.R. Court insisted
it must remain
May 27 Sunday
On 7, 1928, Platt called by absent in San Francisco
and went over whole banking relations with him.
He supplied testimony a higher rate in 15d cylinder.
note them on current dollar debts. He was inclined
to think these borrowings in time would seemed
by United Bonds might be reimbursable by time stock
inflation. He said when M. Pallett formed it bond no
such terms. CRS called to him attention bond
that only M. Pallett admitted to direct purchase
of U.S. Treasury in United Steel. He said at United
Steel total United Steel debt did not exceed 1
billion + cents, when it turned the amount as
to collateral. notes never demanded of such
service or loan brought forth
In discussing securities when Gov Y. did not
emergency should be allowed to borrow in United
Bonds at current rates, but Elkins refused these
171
Continued
