184
June 20 and
June 21. Extends reply. She set the same Ellen Heman
who favored her having her Rodgers about & asked
her to ask him to do, which she did. He said he
found it well not to trouble & seemed to believe
young Ben Thomson could think it very well.
Extends seems to want very much to know
him.
ext said his opinion, he was much relieved
at Rodgers determination; that he held that if
Extends had him a salary in addition to
his expenses & look a maid with his life,
there would be no cause for scandal,
either Rodgers will undoubtedly be laughing
at my lies outside. ext said that the
chief obstacle was the bear client he
insisted embraces Extends by balling in
love with her in the sick & that this
would create an awkward situation.
2. id she could have no difficulty in keeping
him or anyone in their mother place.
ext did not like 2. that he also feared
that 2. might, under such circumstances,
fall in love w. Rodgers himself, but in
shape of Martha Codmans marriage
to the young Russian
185
ext wrote Bertie a brief account of his letter
and also wrote Rachel Hall sending her a
copy of that part of Bertie's letter relating
to Extends. He addressed the letter on the
first line - "Dear Rachel"
June 23. Extends to
June 20 Extends reply. She said she had heard nothing
from Ben Rodgers & said the matter was settled - to
me as she was informed; that R. was to see Ellen
tomorrow next Sunday; that she held she ought to
make him to divide, to col. L offered no
opinion. ext said she certainly could not bring up
the matter again. She was strongly disapprobated
& evidently took her heart out on the matter,
but the bear of violence held her back.
ext again said he even placed the matter
had fallen thus as it probably would
make her ridiculous in the eyes of the
bonds.
ext still insisted that Ellen must persuade
R. to change his mind and then the
trouble will begin.
In the first time she vaguely intimated that
if she could get a mind she might be
willing to so come about. She said she needed
