42
not told him he did not believe the attorney he
would reverse King & Hutton appeal, says he
thought the Pet had been honest & upright to
have, and that it should be used only to
expanding my responsibilities, which I am ever
clearly ever wont.
But also set the subject often a long time -- that
unanswerable 5 of him, votes should be required
to receive a vote of confidence by a 3/5 vote and
then seemed to become absolute.
But set the Harding's letter which also was
sent to ally him & that he would send him
a copy
But also explained Elkins' motive
was set he was satisfied that his statement
slut to Elkins that a 3/5 vote would be right
to trust in a vote which actually cannot be done
But meant that the S. had in mind just
what Erw Harding said as the trohster
constructs of the statute and that Elkins
& Hepburnsill wanted to show the S. that
the Pet had been honest to do anything it
allowed me to do with.
But also explained the object between Jefferson
Elkins & Hw. and L's change about the S.
43
promised the S. of England to trust vote rates & when
he turned the S. would not make good the
unlimited or unlimited in a limited vote in a certain
unit of time, certifies about the certifies want to
convict, including himself to convict the Kennedy
colleagues out of unproductiveness & weakness.
Sent 16. reading
Met w. Mow counsel at 10 am.
In nearly an hour we discussed the Chicago
rate question. Cunningham & Jansen were literally
"put on the rack" by the counsel, they were
asked to explain just what influence their
was able, could not admit of working their
building to Friday. Their relations were very
un satisfactory and almost grotesque
Heath's letter to the S. was read and old said
the two motions were based on this letter.
Dr Willis said that, although he did not
believe the order could have resulted
at that time and so voted, if the Chief
Director at meeting of Friday sent of
lead again refused to reduce, he could
have voted to trust in the vote but such
a motion been obtained.
This amazing case on letter was obtained
