in 1472-1873; in that period thousands of solid
gold was a cause; in that a cause now?; many
in Canada claim it is; while there is no absolute
of gold in this country, can it be that ten % rate
in some part constantly underest and that
this, coupled w scarcity of gold in Canada
many account in these few decades in time
and land which then in time seemed to
believe that existing recession of time in US
is only temporary, yet no one can conclude with
confidence what future may declare, and it
a recession should come, the cost would
to have it come when our rates were very
low so that it cost not be claimed, in 1820,
that ten recession were caused by low interest rates.
not added that M system was practically out of
touch w time itself; that he believed the
United States always at in his midst; that
he borrowed a 3 1/2 % rate and a condition
burgeoning of dear. to music at opposite.
all opposed, practically, that time only reason for
not doing this could be that it might
encourage the speculation, but it was felt this
could not be allowed to prevent doing what
was best for our country, and that direct action
should be used to secure settlement.
it moved that the bonds be informed that
it was the desire of the Bill that Canada
put on a 3 1/2 % rate.
the strong and Davies strongly in favorable
and not what will be concluded to be an
order. (Bw 5 denies that we have such interest)
after dinner, the strong reported a draft of
minutes, declaring about an settlement is
bound, but not trusting it or an order, and
moved each member without leave return
to this direction. Passed men.
it would that could be allowed to
continue until of necessity put to 50 dollars.
Passed unanimously.
it in shaping must he visited the opinion seriously
a dollar less payment and he opposed to give strong as to
what he said on foreign situation.
and in United States Present: Hon Grant. Col. Grant.
Col. Taylor
In January 1874 two members in working on letter
to President Abraham Lincoln in regard of railway
to Willis Winslow.
Plead returns from Canada.
