14
that our own domestic front of views at once
clearly be advisable to leave the K. Y. rate,
and the belief is strongly to make a system
matter and that all rates should be reduced
and that it should be done now before time got
movement in business. If we do not do it
now time will cost us most time will cost us
to protect their resources, with economy, injury to
assure prosperity.
Gen H. said we have been attacked by bankers here
in time past we had put down rates after the
course had left the business trends and sent to
the stockholders, where we put up rates on the
strong position after time rates had moved when
the business was changing; that time was a
skilled channel to secure time losses.
Kind of time present said that while there
was no abundant demand for lower rates
on their debts, they felt their debts
would give in making up a system matter
and they would adhere to this.
Gen H. said he had seen some remarks
of rates reduced & returned they will not
be willing to give.
Mr. Gen H. said read time remarks of
15
Mr. Adol C. in May 1827, that if business relations should
continue, rates should not be reduced; that whether
of time default (drawn by wagons) being to meet existing
rates or an irreducible minimum; the Central
Union would so far as to say that when such
investments should be sold to bring time about
not asked Mr. Douglas if about whether representation
the service of Chicago bankers and after several
visits he admitted it did.
Gen S. said there were a hundred railway companies
visits - that none of their loans bankers ever wanted
rates reduced.
not time said he concerned in Richmond at
the best course: -1. Reduction to 2 1/2 %, 2 continued
supply of securities to pay $0 million to make
time rate collection. He said he was very much
troubled at decline in prices in last 5 years.
now below the lowest trains reached after
course of 1820; that he saw a point reached
between 1872-1873 and now; then times fell
either water slowly moved; at last came
the crisis of 1873; he did not know by this
time for them were often causes of war;
the fall out now for time declined now are
increased industrial purposes put on it was
