Now I have life to live and will act, all life is in motion
I am to live out and must realize of all is this now nothing and I cannot
it must surely be so. It will be certain towards you often return to have
another little kindness from me to you for your father's certain reply to today's
official mail. Thoughts of time sometimes come in of your present situation, your
time in America, as the bar committs to pleasure. And as it will thus and
whether or it will be naturally laying hold on all means you seeking
not except of opportunities to be experienced by the people employees all for
them. I pray you that prosperity of America is found in this situation
to gain their glory. If they be alone they will alone but will have nothing
to know more of them I be made more like them. If in company they
act only about how to bring their name in esteem I'll leave others to a
love of religion & usefulness by themselves as it may be fit & must by the
true behaviorism of their carriage. Tender our blessings of Heaven to do
them good to thy attention. Thinking out days I have lost when
from an hour for the world's advancement of them to which thou can't
think any in the morning. Now what every I do this day for my God
for thy I must speak of myself and give my thanks, and pray
that God will be with me in the evening offering
prayer, have I considered them thoughtful in reality? what gives truth
to God by me this day, Whittle went my thoughts & endeavors
What I have been most? I have been much with God. Have
I advanced the gospel in my converse with others? Do I of them from
not any thing done in this way this life will engage thee to obey
and acknowledge him for Christ's comfort of his. If any other has
been taken notice upon it look to an appearance of evils & if any
of prayers of good has convinced them uncomfortably, it will lead them
to death thereby. I will be quiet for the Sabbath. Believe I see if
more love would not begot more delegations.
Often was praised for communes, with God his mother it is the
celebrity of his mother to be capable of the end. The happiness of it to
be praised to enjoy it, does in nothing more in this life, is the communes
actually a highly anyone than in the career of prayer
That he may freely impart his circumstances of estate, humble
to God as the most faithful & powerful friend the richest, most
loving father may ever the liberty of a child telling his father
who he stands in need of a desire, & communicating with him
with humble confidence, while admitting so frequently into the
presence of so great a king.
