In every genuine disciple of the New Testament, are not only in
one word, released from the burden of his fear, except in the hope of
a coming glory; but in one word who at once from the ordinary
of ambition and animality in a new love to a new desire, is made
in the purpose of salvation in the efforts, abundant in the words of
obedience. No fault the indulgencies of sin or in this regard is suffered
from an angel. But he follows not the inclinations of sin in his
respect he differs from a natural or unconverted man. The more he
preserves the motions of the flesh, but he walks out after the flesh.
In that in him or may were the mixture of a man, strongly
with effect against his earth born propensities I yet behold him
self for the sole existence of them -- better than any of the people
around him I yet humble than them all resting, from time to
time, a positive assurance of the purest excellence of his character, I yet
becoming more tenderly conscious every day of its encreasing defects
gradually expanding in attaining as well as in desire,
towards the light -- the liberty of heaven & yet growing under a
gaze from which alone will fully manifest him.
This is a malignity of the fall which afflicts us with. There is a
source of corruption & of blindness along with it which it is beyond
the capacity of human means to obliterate. There is a dark & rotten
depravity in the human character which incriminates its plague &
retinates contempt to all warning & all arguments. There is a spirit
working on the children of devolution which no power of human
clergyion can lay. There is a covering of such darkness upon the
face of all people a mighty influence abroad upon the world
with which the prince of the air keeps his thousands
& his ten thousands under him. The ministers who enter into
this field of conflict may have real a talent & eloquence &
in the friends, understand of many think that nothing
can withstand him & that that heart of every human mind
can withstand him & that that power of his soul & the power of his in
vincible arguments -- alas he may look around him &
at the one of the year after all the tumults of a sowing
propertyly he may find the great bulk of them just when
they were, as helpless and unconcerned about the things of divinity,
as obstinately disbelieved from God as firmly rooted to selfish
denominations indeed, as exclusively set upon the form & the money
& the merchandise -- with the evening of many eternal dece
cences proving by a heart given, with the whole line of its
affections to the vanities of the world, that they have their
full share of the wickedness which abounds in it. He is over
whelmed by a sense of his own helplessness & the lesson is a
wholly come on. It makes him feel that the sufficiency is
not in him but in God & makes him understand that
another power must be brought to bear upon the mass of
reliance which is before him, & as the man of considerable
applying persons who thought he was to appeal the doubt and
of corruption & to carry them by storm to him be reduced on
methodist & dependent humbly to the expedient of the Spirit
let him cross the interceptions of his people their humanity
upon their prayers.
If our little must the presence of God be felt in that
place when the true functions of the present are degraded
into a disreputable exchange of entertainment on one side &
of administration on the other. I surely if ever a night to man
angels sleep when a week of reforming mortal, surrounded
by his fellow servants & hastening to the ground judgments
among with them, finds it a divine duty to his bosom, to
regard his hearers with an exhibition of himself, than to do in
plain earnest the work of his Master & urge on the sincerity
of repentance & of faith by the impressive simplicity of
the Gospel.
