This life is only a particular life eternity, where we are to expect
another original & another state of things; we have no prejudice in
heaven but but of a distance, let us therefore expect our native
secular home with courage – the last of our native soil but no to
our friends, our language we must never get rid of, a native
of the world, as it came into it. The day which we fear is
our last is but the birth day of our eternity; if it is the only
way it is that what we fear as a rock, proves to be but a rock, or
many rocks to be feared, never to be refuted, & he that dies
young has only made a much voyage of it. It is a grave
question that we have more ways out of the world than we
have into it.
Is suffering death is the loss of nature? It is a great comfort
that it can be done but once,
If this is so we have not yet in such to condemn what we
do not understand, and thus we assume, either that we shall
put up this life into a cellar where we shall live with
transparency & splendour in diverse mansions; or else return to
our first primitive free from the power of any inconvenience.
If great souls takes no delight in dying with the body,
it constitutes evidence it came I know whether it is to go; the
day will come that shall separate the mixture of soul, body
& divine & human; my body I will leave when I found it
my soul I will enter to heaven which would have been true
already but for the dog that barks it down.
It concerns the death of a friend in both actuality & spirit; though a
dear I would allow to his memory, but no demonstrative picture
answer. And if you give to your friends' souls a dying soul
Why should I offer myself to the joy of their that is either
happiness or not at all in being?
The comfort of having a friend may be taken away, and
not that of having him one. If there is a happiness in some
place or places in consequence that there is no time in a small
time in the arrangement of friends where the loss of three companions
is experienced again by the contemplation of their existence
to an ill constitution & independence to which only reason may
preclude being taken away without any regard to the comfort of
his being once given me
Ever
Samuel
The religion of St teaches the transmigration of the soul, the
belief of a future state purgatory, the invention of saints, the
worship of martyrs, confession, judgment, etc. His contemporaries
believe that their god informed human forms at Rhodes
that his communications has directly to be chosen amongst
who officiate as officers in the several parts of the spiritual
dominion in the state they are called Philistines. In 1688
Capitton the prince was the Philistines who was about 25 years
young believed he never dies, but that when his soul is separated
from his body it immediately enters into that of some
child who is discovered by the Lambs, he was waited on in
abdomen on two large cushions one of which was the skin of
philistines. Then came several lamps on each side and one lighted, he was
covered with a mantle of yellow flaxen on this mantle on
his head which was bare could be seen his hair was cutter, he
received the ambassadors standing who were near him upon
this case on the ground & protestation themselves their belief
him after this instruction by turns before him, he put his hands
on their heads & under them round his chest put beads, then
an entertainment was set up while the countenances of each
a cup of tea received plate our author observed that his arms
were bare & that he had no other clothing than yellow
flaxen except about him after the collation they conversed for
some time the Philistines spoke but few words very softly
in reply to the ambassadors but kept continually rolling his
eye I within entirely first of one then at the other becoming
smiles, this are not images in this nor in other temples but pictures
of their duties painted on the wall.
