And friends let us alone he found
no other aim could save.
The body him rise from off the ground
This fainting limbs are strong
Salvation Sounds thro' my Sake
And Jesus is the song.
SBS
The seeing the grave of a young Female, in a Sunday Church yard.
Pause stranger awhile! if in life's early morning,
She was youthful as the art of God loves, and years
now the dress of the Forest are falling around her,
and wild buds of summer are blossoming near.
Pause Stranger reflect! if in Vigour of Manhood
Thy sons act as bright as thy wishes would be
The buds then hast gather'd may bloom but must wither,
and the seeds of the Valley may seed cover thee.
Pause Stronger and Woe! if age have crept over thee
And thy blessings of Hope are all faded away; they
or perchance should some brands of enjoyment refresh
The Stem which sustains it must shortly decay
Yet thy Stem with bright budding may evermore
Should its root with the drops of Repentence be fed
So it moulder and in its scanty treasures will cluster
And brilliants be formed from the heart that hast shed.
SBS
Rock (Creek)
May 4th 1826
The design to put some manner of writing in such a place would be happy till you go home
If I choose any part of this melancholy passage that
overwhelms me, it is not because they are little dear
to me because I will devote myself to more but Their
God
The Rhone glides under my eyes; the land even at
my feet, from every shore of France, extends
and enchanting prospect! After having entertained my eyes
for some time with these delightful objects which
should be pursued it will produce reflections I think the
end of the Augustines' conference which I always enjoyed
On viewing the Rhine I distinctly felt on this passage of
the river the influence of immemorial, the value
of the on the layings of the houses of power, the
immensity of the ocean -- but they neglected themselves
Time stands stone motioned by the Sphinx and I
hold that stable truth which allows every man
imagination, Love impelled me to write this
through any sentiment felt beneath the
interview of the two -- I was alone in the woods yet I
