Fair Temple! on whose promontory banks the moon
The moon's bright, most fragrant, & the moon's spread
In pomp of light and shadow's most sublime;
Those livers where glides, & in human footsteps yet
Shed traced an existence, even the Hallows' haunt
Of python's power immortal, where they eat
Of in the golden age; the nymphs and fauns,
Beneath some silver banners of the Moon
And human voice, lying on the indolent lips
Of the Pan, or, in some open vale,
Danced in light measures to the manifold pipe,
While Typhus' countenance along their path,
Flying flowers of painted blossoms fertile airs,
And the perpetual springing
Thus both beauty dwell
Then most conspicuous, & in an outward shape,
They alone in high expression of a mind,
By whose conducting eye comprehends much
In that deep, & Cynic, when he is
This all the unbounded symmetry of things,
Like every effulgence from the parent sun,
This endless mixture of her charms diffused.
And, indeed alone, bear out, in earth & heaven,
The living fountain in itself contained
Of nations & nations' her hand in hands
Set ornament the green, her enthron'd
Celestial Venus with divinest airs
Devote the soul to never fading joy.
For what can drive with Virtue?
For what can drive
"With Virtue?" which, of Nature's regions vast
Can in so many forms produce to sight
Such powerful beauty? beauty which the eye
Of Nature's art not look upon again,
Which every self contemplates, and is turn'd
Ever long to tenderly, to infant smiles,
Or tears of humblest love. To night or fair
In all the dewy landscapes of the spring,
The summer's moonlight groves, the purple eve
At harvest home, or in the fiery moon
Glittering on some smooth sea, is caught in fair
Or virtuous friendship? or the heaven'd roof
Of Nature from highest heaven immortal love,
The torch ethereal and his golden bow
Propitious bring, & there a temple holds,
To whose unapplied acres silently grow'd,
The social band of parent, brother, child,
With smiles, I sweet discourse, I gentle deeds,
Adore his pow'rs? What gift of richest clime
Ever drew such eager eyes, or prompter such
Deep wishes, as the seal that mathebbt back
From Claudius' now noise tools, a foe's renown,
Or asaph's danger in his lion walk
Of noble's life to rescue? Is the young
Athenian warrior sitting down in bonds
That his great father's body might not want
A peaceful, humble, tomb?
