of the age of 1/2, embracing death as a friend who would
deliver him from every tender his name immortal.
Reasons
The wise man may be injured sometimes through nature,
envy, or contempt without disturbing the calm tranquility of
his mind; because in all these trials he is supported by the
strength of reason.
The acquisition of wisdom is in itself a solid good that
it can never be lost.
The wise man takes care to preserve the inestimable blessing
of an intellectual quiet mind even amidst the greatest
troubles that exile or pain entails from him.
The wise man alone is qualified for a perfect friendship,
for the presence of his friends does not augment it; their
absence does not in the least impair it; he knows how to preserve it even after their death.
The wise man shall not always elopement in the exasperation
of his discoveries.
He shall not take upon him the administration of the
monarchial.
The wise man may be sad on certain occasions.
The wise man must have a due care of his family from
what may happen without injury or a too eager pursuit.
Nature does not endow us with a consummately magnanimity; that is acquireable only by the Almighty's action.
He shall not read poetic fiction neither shall he compose.
He shall rejoice with him who, having gone astray, shall
return to the path of virtue.
He shall enjoy the same tranquility in his sleep as
when awake.
He shall enjoy again if he shall suffer death for his
principles.
The true felicity of life is to be free from perturbation;
to understand our duty toward God & man, to enjoy the power
without any anxious dependence upon the future. It is
ourselves with either hope or fear lest we not actuate with
what we have, which is abundantly sufficient for he that is
as wants nothing. Science -
Human happiness is founded upon wisdom & virtue.
Virtue is a right understanding; a faculty of discerning
good from evil, what is to be desired & what rejected; a
judgement grounded upon the value of things & not the
common opinion of them; an equality of favor & strong interest
resolution.
Virtue is that perfect good which is the complement of a
happily life, the only immortal thing that belongs to mankind.
It is the knowledge both of self & others & an
inimitable quietude of mind, not to be elevated or degenerated
with good or ill fortune.
They or powerfully is virtue & as graciously is providence
that every man has a light set up within him for a guide
which we do all of us and acknowledge though we do not
praise it. This it is that makes the prisoner on the
torture happier than his executioner & sickness better than
death if we bear it without yielding or repenting.
I will govern my life & my thoughts so if the whole
world were ready the one & the other, for what does it
signify to make any thing a secret to my neighbors
when to God, who is the governor of hearts, all are private
me from.
Whether we be value ourselves upon an hour or upon
action but upon the whole habit of the mind.
What is it that I labour, sweat & labour for when it is
very little that I want, if it will not do long that I shall
need any thing.
To that would be truly happy, must think his own lot best
& be live with men as considering that God put him & as wishing
to God as though men heard him.
Science -
