up mourn spirit, whose wild melodies
Yet cannot bring down, yet scarcely down,
Steal on the sleeping soul from mine own,
As by the wind-opening cloths I whisper thee;
When he who now inhabits your low is laid,
The lid frame resting on the earth's quiet bed;
Hold ye your nightly vigil in his head,
And chant as drops to his sleeping shade!
For he was wont to live upon music-gods;
And often by the humming stream that lures
The dark sequestered woodlands mourns voice,
Would I still have listened to the dying fallo,
With the full tear would pierce in his eye,
And his big heart would pour with mournful water.
Up, twirlt he over soon -- this noble steam
If life will vanish from my broken brain;
And death my weary spirit will redeem
From this wild region of unvaried pain.
Your book will glide as softly as before,
Upon landscape amid -- your golden harvest years,
Upon mighty land in mounting wing will soar,
When -- no name is heard no more below.
I sigh when all my youthful friends are gone,
I sigh I laugh in health and future only brave
Then shall a wife and smiling children help,
While I am moulderung in my silent grave.
God of the just, from you I the bitter cup
I bow to thy blessed -- and drink it up --
Reader, if with no vulgar sympathies
You viewed the earth of genius and of worth,
Than the poetical man this ballad will get
For comparison, Although renoncen have made
This name familiar to thine ear, this stone
May tell thee that his virtues were above
The common portion -- that the voice now hushed,
In death, was once seriously questioning
With religion's tone, and in the ear of ever
Endless mankind, now forgetful at thy feet
This tired head proprie on its last low rest
Still tenant of the tomb, and on the cheek
Once warm with animation's turbulent flush,
Set the pure image of immortality
Yet woman not. He had chosen the bitter part,
For then end garment of mortality
But if, we trust that to a happier land
The event a light and gladsome progress.
Right then for home-sender? Fall to mind
That joyous voice is impatient to quench
The silence of the tomb! but virtue blooms
Trim on the weeds of life and mounts the skies,
So grand they twin with bowlines, and walk
With sorrow on the pilgrimage to Christ.
