God of my life! and ambition of my days
Point my public voice to his throne,
And humming takes upon a mortal tongue
That battalions name to troops of trophies none
Yet has the brightest trophies could do more
Than our love thus humble and adore.
Same words given in even different places
Are equal all, for all are nothing here.
All nations point beneath the inglorious name
Which nature alone through the ages puts upon
I feel that name my inward thought contains
And breathe an awful stillness from my soul;
Or by a dream the converse of grief embraces
Impetuous passion drops her flaming tide;
At this still presence all emotions cease
And my heart's spirit finds a sudden peace,
Till even worldly thought within me dies,
And earth's gay payments vanish from my eyes;
Tell all my vision is lost in instinct,
And one most object fills my nothing sight.
But even thus, this holy calm is broke
My soul submits to wear her mortal yoke,
With humble penon existence to earth's own
And merges with the drop of water again.
But in our gracious Master, kind as quiet
Surrounding our frame, remembers we are dead:
This spirit, even bounding on our mind
Is the first wish to better hopes inclined;
Thanks this young donor of eternal patience gives,
And fans the smoking flame into a flame.
This one are open to the instinct only
This grave demands to meet the lifted eye
He reads the language of a silent tear,
And sighs an interior from a heart sincere.
Such are the vows the sacrifice I give;
Accept the title, and bid the supplicant live
From each heartful tenday put me free
Still every wish that centers not in thee
But my first hopes may vain arguments
And point my path to everlasting peace.
If the soft hand of winning innocence leads
By living water, and though flowing mends,
If her all is yielding temperance and peace
Andernal charity points the flattering scene,
She tends me to hide with silent power,
And coheres to my olden heart because,
With caution let me have the supreme power
And subdued, with a trembling heart, rejoice.
If friendships, in a vain of tears I obey,
Have been wound, and thorns peal my way,
Tell let me stride out they goodness be,
And with vigorous confidence lay hold on them,
With equal eye, my anxious lot receive,
Remember to him, a resolve to live,
Remember to help the recipient of the soul
When you are given in all and all in God.
I read his awful name, embraced high
With golden letters on the illuminating day,
For lips the mystic characters I see
Through'd in each flower crowded on every tree.
