not yet obtained it was to be found, that the only thing which damps
my real love for the name of Christ that precious name, which from
my mother's path I have learned to reverence, was not there. It is,
whatever one wishes the name however just I cannot quite
apply any mind to the Holy Scripture, to see what they were, &
I now see the whole subject over in perspective to the power, love
in appearance, publick in operation, I voted with simplicity of
our scheme of direct war such as to exclude me from it, and under
I should be told it is your opinion. I send not these penances
when I attend to the circumstances, but they appeared to me
entirely to be compared with the depravity of human nature
in association with their omission, my penitence would not
enter into their meaning. It is true those who are without
to be little children, find by degrees an illumination of
their souls; but I discerned to be a child of data with which
imagining myself to be possessed of mental perfection.
In this situation I felt in with the Manichees, men who
had in their another the same sound of father as I. I felt for
ever altering falling of the truth, the truth, I might formed the
most absurd opinions of the works of Nature, on which puzzled
the heathen philosophers for excellent them. I doubt, how
ever I did I part after them, while they only used the words
with their mouths a repetition in which I have long patience but
they taught me to look for my God in the sun I cannot
also in a number of splendid plantations of their own
creation. I endeavored to find upon their mountains like they
being God my God though I have discovered, I was not
wholesome but inhospitable. From far out of their country
from their country from the South which the
science did not! To the fathers of the poets which I
did not believe, though I was entertained with them, even profitable
to the absurdities of their loves of truth. About this time
others were I have into Satanism disputes, Ponting after truth, though
they were God, not in intellectual but in carnal oppositions for
I would confy all to those who did not comprehend my mission
even while I was hardened against them. The Manichees deceived me,
pretty well with their publick insulting questions concerning
the origin of evil, pretty well with their blasphemies
against the old Testament saints. I did not then understand
that though the divine rule of right learning is immediate on
the absolute & the love of God in our neighbors is always indispensable
neccessary, yet that there were particular sins of
duty adapted to the times & seasons & circumstances in which
they were tolerated, which abstraction from such considerations
would not be lawful. In much ignorance of these things
I decided they help servants I was pretty exposed to believe
most ridiculous absurdities. And then consider they leave
from above I freed me from the depth of evil, while my
mother was praying for me, more solution on account of
the death of my son than other parents for the death of the
body. She was favored with a dream by which she comforted
his soul with the hope of my recovery. The appearance I would
to be standing on a plank I a person came to her I asked her
the cause of her affliction, I or being an answer that it was
in my account he charges her to be of good cheer for that
when she was there also I should be. On which she immediately
beheld me standing on her in the same plank.
When I was this but from this general impression who
takes care of each I all of you, as of single persons? When I
observing that it might mean to exhaust the to be what
I was? Without hesitation she replied it was not a
