There is a pleasure in the partless woods,
There is a rapture on the lonely shore,
There is security, where none extends,
By the deep sea, and murmur in its waves;
I love not even the life, but nature more,
From them our interior in which I dwell
From all I may be or have here before,
I mingle with the universe I hold
That I may more easily express, yet cannot all convey.
Roll on, thou deep I dark blue ocean—roll!
Ten thousand fleets press over thee in vain;
Man makes the earth with ruin—he contorts
Life with the stone—open the waters plain
The wheels are all they did, man both remains
In shadow of man's revenge, and his arm
Man, for a moment, like a drop of rain,
The sink into thy depths with bubbling foam,
Without a grave, unknown, I unconsciously unknown.
My shores are empires, changed in all wise the
Of Syracuse, Greece, Rome (bathgage what are they?)
They water wasted them while they were free,
And many a Tyrant once; their places obey
The stranger, slave or savage; their decay
Has died up, calm to desert— not so thou,
Unchangeable even to thy wild waves play—
Some write on wrinkle on thine arm, know—
Such as creation's dawn beheld, then what now.
Then glorious mirror, where the Almighty's form
Shapes itself in tempests, in all time,
Adam or condemned— in breeze or gale or storm,
During the hour, or in the torch flame
Dark, leaving— bannally, enshrouding, I pull down
The image of Eternity—the throne
Of the Invisible; even from out they shine
The monster of the deep, all minute, each zone
Of boys there; their quiet faith, dead fatherly, alone.
And I have loved the Ocean! I my joy
Of youthful sport was on the breeze to be
Home, like thy bubbles onward, from a boy
I ventured with the breakers—they I'm
Here a delight; I of the floating sea
Made them a terror, twice a pleasing fear,
For I was as brave as child of this!
And I trusted to thy billows for I near,
And I kissed my hand upon thy waves, as I do here
Yourself! a word that must be, I shall have
Or sound which makes me linger; yet farewell!
Or who have loved the Pilgrim to the wave
Which is his last, if on your measures doubt
Of thought which once was his, if on your resolve
Of people resolution, not on your lips,
Or on your lips, scandal, shame, I will not speak;
But farewell, with him alone may rest the power
Of such thine ever, with you the marvel of his station.
