I have already devoted two long mornings to him, one
morning spent in victory, introducing him to the foreign
ministers ladies &c &c -- On Sunday Mrs. McLean
and their children to Caroline came home with us
from church a tired, disgusted two weeks here. I am
sure she would come out a happier wife with
us. I says she would much rather be with us in
the country, than in the city. Mrs. McLean says,
she is very adverse to gay society, & that it was
only by compulsion she got her room.
I never knew Anna & the girls seem happier
& gayer than they now are. I did expect Julia
would have expressed some regret for the poverty
of the city, but she declares she cares nothing
for for pastries & when cards of invitation
are received, they are put aside & thought
of no more -- Do you suppose society entices, will
require a less effort than to do so partially, &
this is what it will be necessary for us now
to do -- Our dear little friend Mrs. Cutting has sat
as the example, & she declares she is far happier
than while she lived in the city & struggled with
a narrow income to meet up an intercourse with
the rich & fashionable. I have never been in any
circumstances to which I could not conform my
inclination, & from this constitutional preference
of comfort, I have been happy, in relations
where most others would have been miserable --
I have struggled thro' a great variety of internal
difficulties, but never found they much affected
my happiness -- The Mind -- is the fountain from which
flows felicity or misery -- & thanks to a kind Providence
I never enjoyed a more cheerful, more vigorous, or
healthful state of mind than I now do -- I am
less subject than I have long been to nervous diseases
In the Mind I include the heart -- while all
there is at peace -- I ask for nothing more -- what
you observe about Poor Tenny is an illustration
of my remarks, "that external situation has little to do
with happiness." -- I am unlucky relative Mrs B --
is a still stronger one -- She is not uneasy, then my
death & maternal friend, he not uneasy that I have
lost of this worldly goods -- Perhaps both. & the girls
are not so happy than if we lived in the midst
of the gay society of our city. I am determined to
think so -- Your letter was most timely, well as
I had been daily looking for it, for a long, long, while --
I rejoice that your dear Hazard is restored to you
& that you are spared to your family -- May
the unembittered joy of the heart be ever yours!
I must not now wander to another sheet, as nothing
injuy I was going to do -- no more franker -- no more
double & treble letters -- I think many am myself
have written from OKC but not one line have we
received -- my next shall be a little longer -- I am
now called to dinner -- advice Dearest & most beloved
friend -- mostly
