assemblies every night, either at the churches or private houses
his Caldwells, they say is fast wearing himself out -- but as his
health decreases, his zeal at Sabbath meetings, & every night at different
meetings -- the little daughter Harriet is one of the new converts, & with
twenty or thirty other young people, made a kind of Sabbath conference
& even prayed over in church, as they do in Methodist meetings.
They are introducing at the Ladies' 2 hymns, of the Methodist to unite
us presbyterian churches, after the regular service is closed by the clergyman,
the congregation rises, a strike up a Methodist hymn,
then sung amidst the praised roles of the new converts, or
concluded as they call them, then Mr Caldwell, calls on the man
to come forward, & he 2 others pray over him, as they loudly
rent their sorrows. -- So aid in this revival, young Mr Brotherton
from Princeton, & a Mr Sexton, or Thorston, or some such name, another
very young man from Philadelphia, have come on. Mrs Catharine
told me yesterday, her mother had taken Mr G, out with her,
and it was raining as hard as it could, "to beat up recruits," (that
rather expression) for church that night, & that he never was
known to exhaust, (for he is not yet licensed to preach) without making
at least half a dozen converts -- that it was astonishing the number
he had converted in the short time he had been here -- A few years
before, one of our agent & most fashionable young ladies, (whose name
lack of new writing) has been converted, that whilst he from spoke,
she has been converted & was so overcome with the mincer of her
feelings, that she had run forward & thrown herself on him, &
2 long sobbing & crying on his shoulder, before all the worldly,
while he enquired into her feelings & told & most favorably &
forthrightly to & to her -- Mrs Bradley, till one that Mr Post &
my Brothertonidge were now labouring in content good earnest,
that they said "They were getting through the humpages &
hedges, to invite guests" -- yes, that they went into every
house, enthralling the families, particularly into all the curious
groz-shops, & other resorts of despicable vice. -- Whether
all these exclusive efforts with produce a permanent
reformation I know not; but there is something every
resembling to my belief, in the public hurry
in which they disgust the conveniences & comforts of people
& in which young ladies & children, disgust their feelings
& talk of their connections & experiences. -- So may, in calm preventing
fever, the night-fever, as he says, at most at care
were produced by night meetings -- crowded rooms, excited feelings &
preparation to night-airs. -- Mrs Catharine says she means to bring both
of the young women, out to see us -- Mr Brothertonidge
doesn't want to see, as I know his wife intimates & he knows
my friends at Princeton. -- The cannot get her daughter to go to
any of these meetings, who with many other distinguished persons
of this number in Dr Hunter's revival! indeed said the Doctor, I wonder
what you mean by a revival? I shall it a stir up -- on a fright, rather.
This, 2 the Presidential election, are the two anxieties, primarily
at present in our city society. -- One or the other is the principal
theme of discourse. -- Every effort is making by Mrs Col M. Henry & his
employers to get Mrs Crawford out of the Cabinet. -- This discouragement
is hindering personal feelings & the friends of these gentlemen with 5 years
he made hostile to each other. -- It was unanimous believed, that Mrs
would have been appointed in Mrs Meigs' place -- but the friend whose
voice would have placed him there -- has now no influence. --
And it was only through him, that Mrs S, could have had any
effective influence on the subject & an article to me about. -- You
see therefore, however kind & earnest his wishes for our friend
in Ohio -- he can do nothing. -- The appointment you wrote about,
is deemed one of high political importance, & a high political
character is talked of. -- And since I believe depend on the President,
I must I more prudent to unite more openly on these are
at present several points, on which I would wish to unite to
you. -- But I have so often experienced that our new "articles, give
us not our wish," that I now endeavour to make every article
2 every article about the future. -- I am now not what is good
for us otherwise, I cheerfully resign the destiny of those I love,
to an alliance & all good Providence. -- Anniversaries should
we ever be anxious about a life, when tenancy is so frail
& so uncertain. Every day, do we hear of the young, the healthy & the
gay & the prosperous, being suddenly snatched from life! -- My beloved, I believe
know Dr Clark, of George Town, he is dead, & the two young &
lively Miss Beverly's, the sister of his wife -- On the account
of ten days, all three, from youth & health & happiness, were torn! --
