168
present situation of the money market that the
open market rate of the M. system should be
substantially above the level of market rates
to be effective.
The Bd in its decision that M bank rates in all
classes of open market securities advisable
to purchase by the Bank should in present circumstances
be not less than 1/4 or 1/2 above the
actual current (sales) rates in such classes of
acceptances investments.
The Mr Board would like an expression of opinion
and a recommendation of the Members of N.Y.
on the subject of a revision of its open market
rates in order to bring about a better adjustment
of such rates to the trend of rates on the money
market and in order to make its rates effective."
Mr Stewart was present, said he attended the
meeting of the N Y City Board yesterday; that at
merchandise buying rate yesterday so that it
was slightly above market rates in acceptances;
that the directors will meet tomorrow and
might even so again; that the only market
now was ten M bank; that the policy of the
directors was to meet the market rates; that
after any advancement by Mbs the market rates always
169
instantly will; that Board said he had the
situation well in hand.
Mr said the decision was proceeding mater
ial disputes and local matters in hand and
that it was a serious matter for the Bd to
declare in favor of 1/4 or 1/2 discount rate as
a rule; that it would be an attempt to
opposite, etc. The Bd were not fitted to do.
their said condition was not now material
but might become so; that the Board the
N.Y directors were letting the situation get
out of hand; that under his regulation, if
adopted, no more acceptance could be
should be brought by the Mbs.
seller said current rates were out of line
with the trend of money rates. He
said the discount rate should be increased.
Mr asked Stewart if he saw any indication
that the directors were so out of line their
duty that their action of the Bd was necessary,
but he declined to answer, in a statement
from Miller that he still considered carefully
what his question involved.
as a matter of fact Chicago said Stewart
