142
Nov. 21. Sunday
attended sectional meeting of Bd of Trustees,
concluded endorsement by suit. Hear in N.Y.
City Root provided. The meeting went to labor
action in death of Barn Constant d'Houville
and representative in Paris who had died.
Or Shotwell, in charge of the Union, testimony of the
man which we are publicly, gave an admirable
address, saying, among other things, that the
L. of N. would and must live, that the national
interests recognized that it was the duty of
the world on Peace; that the last territorial
intermented the unanimous continental
view, headed by France; that England might
have some reservations, but would not dare,
even if it wanted to, to refuse consent as the
must have cordial relations with France.
He was said that the much debt should be
adjusted.
David Joyner Hill put some rather sarcastic
questions which Shotwell answered well,
he was denied in the evening with Washington
during Baxter, 60, Morningide dead.
I sat between Charles Dana Gibbon and Or
Shotwell. Gibbon is not a trustee but was
a guest, Bradley Matthews, Robert Grant,
143
and Augustus Thomas were also there.
Gibbon spoke very pleasantly of Pustt &
the Union, saying he did not know the
route after they had left the White House.
He required Sentimental or to election. He
was to continue living at 2340 S St and
whether she was in comfortable circum-
stances, to which I relied that I did
not know.
Or Shotwell said he was a Democrat
and had voted for Davis; that he spoke
on the duty about the L. of N. because he
knew many of the Trustees looked on
it very coldly; that it appeared him
to have so much of international Peace
but no word as to the L. of N.
in reply to question from me, he said
Or Butler was not absolutely pledged
to the League but was, he thought,
willing to accept it, if necessary, with
unanswerable reservations; that the British
Army Guard were really not obliged to
it, although it might make reservations
as to the new Protocol, that he was
somewhat worried as to the effect
