64
resolutions, especially on regard to act X and
the act in the voting powers of the British
colonies so that Wilson could not assist
them without stifling their will, and that
H.B. -- as shown by Lord Grey's letter never
would have accepted the voting resolution,
no matter what it might have done as to
the others.
He told him that Wilson would stand in Liberty
as the greatest enemy. Powell and he equally
whished that he agreed with him absolutely
as to this, and reiterated that he cannot be
fixed by the desert to win the election, and
added that almost all of the independent
supporters of the League, including Lewis
Young, either abandoned or accelerated this course.
He said Davis was treating Wilson and the
League in every sense, and that the Court
continued him not to go too far, but without
avail.
He told me also another almost startling
fact:
He said that on Friday last, Lee of Davis made
a beautiful speech at Princeton enjoining Cleveland,
Wilson & the K. of U. which was greeted with
vocalist applause; that in the evening the
65
delivered an even greater speech at Newark, N.J.
which was scarcely mentioned in the press
as the Princeton speech alone was featured;
that the former was Nugent, whom Wilson
ruled out of the race, crowded; that the
present time was now an old Democrat man
shown of political手腕; that he heard Nugent tell Davis that
there was a strong sentiment for the K of U
in Essex County and Newark; that the only
influential voter in the State, in Newark,
strongly favored the League and was holding
back any endorsement of Davis; that he
begged Davis to stand the League without
heretical, unless he said personally he did
not favor it; that in his closing address
Nugent paid a really fine tribute to Wilson --
who had killed his political power in Essex
County.
He also said that Davis made the best speech
he had yet made, saying the most eloquent
tribute to Wilson and the League he had ever
heard; that the applause was thunderous,
and that this morning the ballot in question
had come out for Davis!
He also said that Smith was not doing all he
should but should should himself; that he was little warm
in his support, as he had not wanted the nomination
