172
that the Bible was full of war and almost
unbelievable war, and that the Bible story was
necessary to the development of civilization.
Will said Bishop Newman had written many
letters to President Wilson favoring the K. of K.
and had said this many times to him.
April 4th, Thursday.
went out to see Berlin. Will assured me to all results.
of the, was Prof. Todd of Union, of Chicago who is
publishing the Sketchbook, drafts etc of President Wilson
in cooperation w. Rev. St. Baker.
Randolph said he wanted very much to be
the official historian of his country; that
the country was greatly interested with the
work he published in 1820 or '21.
Randolph said Will had written terms in
response to his letter about which he had
nothing official or in the way of business
on which he wished to see him, yet she
would be delighted to have him come
to him.
They both said that he wanted to look
about the official life and interested to
me that I had better stick close and
guide the conversation etc so they could
avoid this.
173
received letter from Will saying he had told
him the N.Y.C. + BTA will interested in
his case hasten but will welcome to
wait for a settlement of the N.E. RR
question. (see letter in file).
We dined quietly, and later played
bridge all the evening.
April 5th Friday
talk w. Newton Baker, He said he asked him to
call at p. 45 today; that it was to talk about the
short of history of his country; that heard that
Brigand W. wanted Civil = military subject, so
also subject; Todd was not able to it.
said that 2 best historians were Prof. Gerard of
Yale Institute, Yale, and Prof John Chandler Bancroft
of Smith Coll. Yale.
Will said, if asked he would strongly advise
Rev St. Baker, and he said he liked him
very much, although he thought him 3 but less
in some respects was not well written;
also said the great task would be quietety to
obscure Will's view that everything Wilson did
was helpless; that he himself had helped
heard Wilson's views inconclusively and I, could
