192
Dec 13. Sat.
went up to S. S.H. saw Berton but still was busy
dictating so I did not see him.
met Ray St. Basile at lunch and he came to my
room for half an hour. He said that he thought
Col. Havil was so taken in by the British and
much of it did not really realize that the High
had been duped by the Treaty during Wilson's
absence in America; that they ostensibly were
fixing the military terms and gradually extended
the scale to get in what they wanted, leaving
out the L of N; that Havil did not see their
game; that he is certain Havil never sincerely
cabled Wilson that the League had been defeated
and that he held the President generally informed
as to what was going on; that Wilson understood
it however and that his talk with Havil at
Bast must have been very interesting; that he
was certain Wilson had not been told of the
secret meeting, but he had gone over every detail
of Wilson's menu and there was absolutely
nothing in them on their subject; that he was
sure Havil did not intend to be delusional but
that he must certainly have as to the High's purpose
etc.; that he felt Havil's bluff was turned, and
that, coupled with his denuded military and governmental
193
and his craft for compromise and making easy
one victory, was the cause of the trouble.
He also said Wilson absolutely comprehended
the diplomatic game which was going on,
but that none of the other Corners did; that
when Wilson compromised, he knew it
was a compromise.
She said his Wilson strongly advised Mr. Wilson
not to assign cabinet meetings during
his illness as a reason for calling for temporary
vacation.
at 5 P.M. went to the White House where she frequently
talked with Ray St. Basile, saying that she would not
choose him to work the cabinet temporarily if
her Wilson unless she could find no one better
better; that she asked him yesterday whether he
would be guided by her judgment in a case, e.g.
where she or her own knowledge knew all the
facts, in case she should ask him to write
his letter; that he replied that it would be
unpraisable to consider himself as belonging
to be dominated by facts.
Will said she told him she wanted
to be free from any public call, but that
she did not feel she could afford
