52
(cont'd. p. 57)
the 537x54 cut and increased of milk steam on
continued building. Put in on 7-57-758.
and saw them both.
I had her the copy of the letter from Samuel
Dall to Fletcher (related to in my letter to her as
the "memorandum"); she said she thought I
was referring to Prudt Harding.
finally, I asked her if she would like to play
Pool tomorrow -- I said -- we will see tomorrow, she had
firmly said we are at home in my office,
she actually said she was sure she had no other
engagement tomorrow night, unless her jewels
stood until too late to play pool.
Write to Eddy at 10.75. She drove thru Harrison,
Mr & Mrs Ralph Bolling, Mr Wilmer Bolling and
myself to Frederick, Md. (about 55 miles) to
see John Davis sleep. On the way we had
a delightful lunch, but not very big, the weather
was cold but delightful and Davis made a
good speech before a large crowd, but there
was not much enthusiasm. Davis does not
seem to be able to "catch" the crowd.
Mr W. wanted to sit back in an obscure
place, but Mrs Harrison would not
concede to this and arranged matters so
55
that nothing we shall expect you to deal
with us at 7 and we will later have a
game of pool."
Thursday, Oct 2.
during the drive to Frederick, Mrs Harrison spoke
of Mrs McAdoo, saying she was so absorbed in
"blue" that she had no mind of her own and
said after McAdoo had testified before the
com. com., Mrs McAdoo told him she looked
he would follow his advice given him by
many, and when he candidly now
that he could do so with honor, but that
McAdoo finally pulled her over to his view.
Mr Jewell, the former actress, who succeeded
Davis's nomination in 1920, & 1924 was out
the valley & stopped to see W. Later, she told
me that she had it in good authority that
Mrs J. in 1920, said to the convention that
of Davis were nominated and elected, we
should at last have a "gentleman" in the
White House, and that Mrs J. later was
always asking all sorts of favors, but
that she told Woodrow not to neglect this
because of this remark.
in the way of public understanding of her campaign
