92
Pr. Wilson was wrong in refusing to accept
her Lodge resolutions.
Randolph insisted on insulting Col. Cuth in the
telephone, and I told her that I had
thought over the matter deeply and bald
a letter from her strongly emphasizing the
League -- the only kind of letter she could or
would write -- would certainly be miserable
- blood, and might be construed as an attack
on her Platform and candidacy, rather than
as an endorsement; that it would be bound
to cause confusion.
I said I would think this over during the
day, and would go up to see her this
evening at 8 P.M. if she were to be at home.
She said she might have to dine at her
mother's but would call me up at 6 P.M.
Randolph called me up at 6 and said Col. Cuth was not
going to her Mother's & asked me to come up at
8 P.M.
I went up, & I, said she wanted me at dinner but Dr
Alderman and some one else was to have an
interview w. her at 5 & she thought they would
stay to dinner but as a best they left at 7 P.M.
93
I had a long talk about the proposed letter to
Davis. I told her that after the statement
in Monday's Star, the K. of K. was officially
put out of the campaign and that any
letter from her maintaining the League might
be misconstrued and cause trouble.
She finally said she would not answer
today but 2 or 3 days, or she would probably
be in Wash. & would call her up. Let
both advised her to write nothing to him.
She said she would merely say that the
work. State statement would not prevent
her from saying anything about Dr Davis's
attitude on the League, and that it would
be better for her to say nothing.
I told her that I felt sure that Pr. Wilson,
of living, would have vindicated the
convention Platform and I felt he would
not have considered it possible to induce
Davis under C.G. to have vindicated the
Platform, whereas his election statement
affirmed it.
Sam Bolling called me up at 6.15 and asked
me to dinner tomorrow night, but I told
her I was to dine w. Mrs Helen.
Col. Cuth said she told her Mother she also
