living child, I realized the anguish I should have suffered & the
delight I supposed. How slight are bodily pains to those
of the heart, & how sweetly one is enabled to support bodily
pain, when nursed & kindly attended by those we love. This
I fully experienced. Never has any one more faithfully or tenderly
nursed than I was, I cannot describe to you the intimateimate
unremittable affectionate attentions I received from these good
sisters. As for Maria, she has been every thing & done every
thing; but nothing has so excited my gratitude or so much
endeared her to me, as her sweet & obliging attentions to
my husband & her tenderness for my child.
Sunday night, July 28th— It fortnight has elapsed since I began
this letter & truly I have not had one hour in which I could
continue it. You must not think I have become so very indolentious,
no, I will not deceive you, I have done nothing but tend my
little darling. I never put her out of my arms without reluctance
& I never feel quite easy unless I have her. I know
this is very silly & I hope as soon as the novelty of having
a child is over, I shall be able to resume my former employments.
So far writing I have written but 2 letters, one to
you & one to Maria J. — I suspect my writing days are
over. Indeed my dear sister I need do not wonder at your
and reluctance to write; it is an immense employment
which I have with facility & that is only to be gained by a
constant habit. But, do try & acquire this habit, for your
letters will be more interesting than ever; for you will
witness of your children & my heart is always at every family
maternal pleasure & I can most truly sympathize
with yours. Would to Heaven, we lived near each other, this
tender sympathy would be a new & most endearing bond of
union between us. To see each other frequently, to watch
the improvement of our children, how delightful, it would be
to hear I wish you could see my Julia & I could see your
Louisa, for thus I call her my little girl has grown very
lovely indeed I am not the only who thinks so; and then
