2.
clever good natured man, who has been here several weeks, is to
leave us to-day, & altho' he is not very entertaining, he has
been so friendly & attentive, that I shall feel sorry to lose
this member of our little society. Cap. Babcock, an old gen-
tleman from Boston has been here three days. While sister was
here, they found they were mutually acquainted with many per-
sons, & this seemed to make them acquainted with each other, he
attached himself exclusively to our party & since they have
left us, behaves in the same way to us. He is blunt & honest
in his manners, but at the same time very affectionate, & gen-
erally when I enter the room, he takes my hand, & shaking it,
asks, "Well, how goes it Mrs Smith?" He asked Mr. S. if he in-
tended settling here, what was his business? and on being
told, "well said he, "consider me as a subscriber, & give me one
or two subscription papers & I shall get you some subscribers
in Boston." He spoke of visiting Mrs Faithch (?) & I told him,
Mr Bradford had spoken to me very highly of this lady & wished
me to be known to her. Last night when he came home, he
stretched out his hand, made me sit on the chair next him, "well,
said he, I have said a good word for you, & Mama Falton will
come & see you soon." In my last letter, I mentioned the name
of Mr. Law. Since then, he has often called in, & talked a
great deal with Mr S. He is a man well informed on every sub-
ject, remarkably free & communicative, & of much the same poli-
tical opinions with Mr S. He subscribed to his paper, asked
for a subscription paper, offered us his books, & told Mr S to
3.
let him know whenever it was possible for him to serve him.
The first time he ever spoke to me he saw me at the window;
"Good morning Mrs Smith, are there any books or anything else
which I can send you for your amusement? Do not be uneasy about
the vessel Mrs. Smith, if you do loose a little, why you are young
people, & every one will be the more willing to assist you.
Well Mrs. Smith, your house will be soon done, I have been push-
ing Moffet on, & this morning paid him 1200 dolts, so he need
not wait for money." After a few more such abrupt speeches, he
bid me a good morning & went away. He is a most singular man.
Friday afternoon Mrs. Law, & the two Miss Tincy's called on me.
Mrs. Law met me with a sweet & facinating smile, apologised for
not having called sooner, but hoped now by sociability to make
up for it. We were to be her neighbors, & she wished that
this winter we might see each other without ceremony. She was
averse to form & never observed it. She is a lovely woman.
Her soft voice, her benevolent countenance, her affectionate
manners, must make every one her friend at first sight. She is
not as large as Mrs White, but otherwise like her. Yes, with
this woman, I will if possible be social & intimatetimate. She had
with her a lovely little girl of four years old, her only child.
If all be as I wish, she shall be my Mary Ann. The Miss Tincy's
are plain looking girls, & said nothing more than that their
Mama proposed calling on me soon. Mrs Law asked us to take a
family dinner with her to-day, but Mr S's tooth-ache prevented
our accepting the invitation. Mr. English sat a whole morning
