the King's Majesty's service. I am the bearer of a letter from the King of Great Britain, in which he commands me to acquaint you with his pleasure, that I should send him a copy of the letter which I have received from the King of France, and which I am now sending to him. I am also to acquaint him with the King of France's pleasure, that he should send me a copy of the letter which he has received from the King of Great Britain, and which he is now sending to me. I am also to acquaint him with the King of Great Britain's pleasure, that he should send me a copy of the letter which he has received from the King of France, and which he is now sending to me. I am also to acquaint him with the King of France's pleasure, that he should send me a copy of the letter which he has received from the Queen of Great Britain, and which he is now sending to me. I am also to acquaint him with the Queen of Great Britain's pleasure, that she should send me a copy of the letter which she has received from the King of France, and which she is now sending to me. I am also to acquaint him with the King of France's pleasure, that he should send me a copy of the letter which she has received from the King of Great Britain, and which she is now sending to me. I am also to acquaint him with the King of Great Britain's pleasure, that he should send me a copy of the letter Which she has received from the Queen of Great Britain, and which she is now sending to me. I am also to acquaint him with the Queen of Great Britain's pleasure, that she should send me a copy of the letter Which she has received from the King of France, and which she is now sending to me. I am also to acquaint him with the King of France's pleasure that he should send me a copy of the letter Which she has received from the King of Great Britain, and which she is now sending to me. I am also to acquaint him with the King of Great Britain' s pleasure, that he should send me a copy of the letter Which she has received from the Queen of Great Britain, and which she is now sending to me.
It is my pleasure to acquaint you with the King of Great Britain's pleasure, that he should send me a copy of the letter Which she has received from the King of France, and which she is now sending to me. It is my pleasure to acquaint you with the King of France's pleasure, that he should send me a copy of the letter Which she has received from the King of Great Britain, and which she is now sending to me. It is my pleasure to acquaint you with the Queen of Great Britain's pleasure, that she should send me a copy of the letter Which she has received from the King of France, and which he is now sending to me. It is my pleasure to acquaint you with the Queen of Great Britain's pleasure, that she should send me a copy of the
