street, the post office. After much time I was ready to
get off the post of 2 o'clock after which we continued
It was a charming afternoon when we arrived. The house
is a good one, the rooms sufficiently pleasant & convenient.
It has a sixth exposure & an enormous fine view
of the Potomac & its wooded limits which extend to its
effective banks. The enclosed park extends on each
side about three acres to the water a green hill and
immediately behind the house on which are trees are
valued, some in stump & at the bottom of nature
seats affordance of well drained out the top of this hill
is covered with a row of trees which encircles this house
& includes its distant object. The idea of such a situation
which it affords, compensates for the want of a more extensive
view. I do not suppose for 20 miles around you could
find a spot of land three acres. The chief country is composed
of abrupt altitudes, a descent of smaller hills, where villages
exist are covered with woods which are between these ridges of hills, in general
found a small riverlet. There is a beautiful little
green ribbon meadow at the bottom of the hills we have
visited in this place I have found the most pleasant
weather which I mean frequently to visit. The wind
is moderate season which cannot have this consequence
on table the total exclusion of the hot
additional recommendation -- do not omit a
visit at our tea-table here proclaimed in our
land I can be perfectly happy to take religion
in God & not in sin. I am your
friend & friend of your family -- I am to be more
and more employed -- I will be your
friend -- important news how vain are the best
rewards -- Instead of one of payment I consent alone
to give you a long pay while since I have received such absolute
deception of things, such long ago, why should I expect to
employ myself in any way otherwise. The labor of time was
themselves happiness. Sinia was not a bit as beautiful as
the father of another lady that made her very successful in virtue
the one would remain, leave me a child was not little
desired to devote medical care -- to Scotland not ourselves of
