she is so good, she never frets & crys only when she is hungry or in
pain. At present I feel very anxious about her, Mrs de
France is very busy with the measles. As Julia feels
very well, I have not allowed her to be sickened & I hope
healing her from Mrs de F's presence will she have
this disease lightly. I do not understand this hope my heart is
heavy. Surely my dear sister, none but a mother can know
a mother's anxiety. How is Nancy & her little daughter, I hope
they are both well; he received Nicholas' letter but he did
not mention what he intended to do with it. Tell him
he must write to me next & give me this piece of information.
N. Mentions that Papa has some thoughts of coming
here. I cannot tell you how much pleased I felt if persuasion
would bring him here, I would write a long letter to him, but
if it is possible for him to come, may I not hope that
persuasion will likewise useful. Mr Smith & myself would do
everything in our power to make him happy while with
us. If there is no opposition, do represent to him my
sincere wishes on this subject & induce him to visit us.
Barbara Mary, are every day talking of their departure
& I make me feel melancholy, but as they seem
impatient to see their friends again, I have nothing to urge
as an inducement for them to defer their departure. When
an imagination pictures restoration to you all, I am
so ardently wish that I too might be satisfied in your arms.
But that period is far far off, it may be still many years,
and how many changes may be wrought in that period.
My increasing anxiety about my little Julia has made me
superstitious & my imagination which used to colour life
in the gayest tint, now too often departs her principal
of sombre colours. But this anxiety has likewise made me
feel more deeply than ever our dependence on the will of God,
& a belief in his Providence which alone has power to
tranquillize my heart. I meant to have answered your letter
more fully & to have given you some account of domestic matters
