beautiful view of the eastern branch. Only not very well laid out in the direction of the air, had given me electricity to my spirits. That should not matter in reaching the house, we were received in a most friendly way, as we had so often neglected the needs of this family. The light was not at home, we met more than an hour and a half later. Mrs. in good bed, a woman of the most agreeable yet, the affable very matter of fact, seeming, and rather, but not of any nothing of them. These gave me some domestic information which I apply to her character, wanted advice, to consider me no matter. And she was aware to find I could not live on any way at any time. If I would ride down with her, I would not be able to leave. From there we walked to Mrs Smith's about a mile farther. The view was from the windows I came to the door to meet me, took each to the hand and led me up the parlor. He had sat only a few minutes when he said "you must stay here with Mrs Smith, we have a fine quiet dinner. If you must stay I eat first." Nothing of convenience or economy said she, you are young housekeeper, come and look at my place. She has a entrance more convenient than anyone's because of its size and in search of convenience I will describe it. The chimney is six feet in width, in their blood a thing called the Range in the center is a grate about two feet wider on one side than the other, which contains 6 or 8 gallons of water, on the other side a hole of the same dimensions for an oven, which opens in front, with a door, 2 or 3 doors inside, so that two ranges of dishes can bake at the same time, both the oven oven is heated by the fire in the grate, which at the same time can roast any thing placed beneath, & so many pots as you please can hang over it. The kitchen is well heated, the oven & boiler are always of uniform heat. Here, with a small quantity of coal, she has often fed an hundred people, with a large quantity of meat, she has often fed an hundred people, with a large quantity of meat, she has often fed an hundred people, with a large quantity
