My plan in regard to her is, for her to come about
October 2 to apart in cleaning house, 2 in the necessary
preparations for an approaching event. I shall
prepare a large room for her, in which she will
sleep & sit, 2 in which the two boys will eat & sit if an evening. They are now so rude
& troublesome at their meals, 2 in this manner
that I promise myself they will be much
better fed by being with her. She is to make
& mend their clothes, she can make all dresses
except his coat, 2 is likewise an good menu-
maker & seamstress: She is to iron & clean
starch, 2 when I am prevented by other duties
from discharging the delightful duties of nurse
she is to take up house-keeping myself
& to let her do the sewing of the family, for when
if she did not sew as well as I did, gets
have always been of opinion that a mistake
& negligence in this department of household
business was less disastrous to domestic
order & comfort than in either the care of
children, or in economical arrangements. We
are so much the children of habit, that
if possible I shall always if Providence
helps me with children, devote my time
chiefly to them, 2 as far as I can consistently
with the comfort of those around me,
have them constantly in my presence.
On this point I am afraid of myself
when I recollect the anxieties, the painful
exertions I have felt for our children, the
delight I experienced in their united love
& in playing with them, I cannot but fear that
I shall sacrifice to maternal affection & obedience
the claims which my family or society may have
upon me. Already, I can think of nothing but
my imagination is perpetually crowded with
the future pleasures which await me, let me see
it not upon the attractions of infancy, than
prophesy with prophetic nature, till it
gives them all the changing states of human
life. I think only of a daughter, 2 stable by
hers to her little sister -- sometimes she is happy
in my arms at other sitting by me at work while
I receive some pleasing tale, or if I walk, beside
her sitting by me, gathering wild flowers in
fruitful joy. I am alone with my husband in
the perpetual theme of conversation. In fact,
now to me as if I had gained a new existence,
he gives me, a charm, an interest to life,
satisfaction to any I ever before experienced. At
these moments of despondency last winter, I
found to fear a disappointment of these fond hopes, life seemed a blank; I looked forward
but no interesting object arose to excite either
pleasure or pain. For what would my husband
labour, or for what would I endanger to continue
my mind compared to this one desired object all
the honors & pleasures of society seemed too insignificant to seek for. -- Soon I was very wrong,
I forgot every blessing I supposed & that life, which
now seems all activity & sunshine, then
afforded to my distressed mind, as altogether
uninteresting. Since -- Six prayers, my wishes may be
granted, hot amidst all this I feel, I cannot
but recollect, that we are often humbled in
the appreciation of our wishes, 2 that men know
with out that which is good for him.
