with regard to my domestic affairs I have great reason to be
contented for this Smith's manufacturing industry has utterly
refused to attend to any stranger's work, he probably has attended
to me, might to enable me satisfied by my other acquaintances
of the worst kind. There is nothing in the house to do, which she
does not undertake day, evening, working away, cooking every thing
in that seems equally easy, agreeable to her. She is now at once
momentous. All that I am afraid of is that she will choose
me, at present, among the very indifferent (for with but little
interruption I have had the honor again for a month past) she
people. The large 4 pieces out every thing wanted in the family,
when I am now more active, I shall no longer be responsible
as it is contrary to all my ideas of propriety & economy,
& I am determined to see after every thing myself, I am
so respected to be industrious economical. The black woman
I have have, is one of the most excellent servants I ever had, she
gives to perfect good nature, a very active disposition, she is
next to me and a cook, that not a minute of any thing is lost,
but every dishes are made up of what this would require,
but she will not cook, I may part with her, I would not
any thing for day & to. Therefore I am unanimously under
the lot or so for pretty, from the first week I have had
her she has been a perpetual source of satisfaction. I have caused
it in ordinary the phenomena of a robust temper, but since
the most inexplicable ill health has afflicted her, I never put
her. She has never allowed a husband, or husband's woman,
attend my entreaties & request no one. She has the most
uncommon traits of character I ever met with on her much
of life, to attempt to describe her would be vain, but the
tree which I find in her animal body, takes now steps
to immediately to fast with her. Her symptoms, mental
peculiarities to examination, she with the most unblushing
affinity to most ancient & religious manners, informed
a criminal intercourse to have existed between her & myself
the young man in the office. You may easily believe how greatly
she was shocked! Her letters every precaution in this case which
my experience with my two other girls had taught me was nothing
but would justify them of a different necessity a week to
say, without giving her the most opportune leave of absence
that since with an exhibition of the money which
she would buy in her. However has been since I cannot
conclude in that in my first one attention, no effort has been
shown. If I had the least hopes of her resignation I would not
have with any encouragement, rather than just with
the most favorable consideration she would leave me.
Her letter is spoken to her in the most solemn & affective
manner, I will not even use words to express the great
debt of her interest, attention, & support to me. I have
always been in the most intimateful affectionate manner to
her, I will not even use words to express the great
debt of her interest, attention, & support to her. I have
always been in the most affectionate manner to her.
I will
