for the tender cares of my own then ever beloved husband
when the heart is oppressed by sorrow, how sensible is it to
every mark of affection or kindness? even in a character
uninterrupted prosperity is hard to render the feelings calmer
& inseparable to the wants & sufferings of others. These I
find easy to be exempt from suffering.
Many wrote me word that your little Elizabeth had
been sick for several days previous to the appearance of a
tooth, I could not but regret that she had not described to
me the symptoms, in which case I could have compared them
with Fulton. Her gums were not seared, she had no fever, breath
more than usual, but was extremely fretful & restless; her breath
was much diminished & the complaint seemed to be attended
with great pain. During 3 or 4 nights Mrs Smith & myself
slept deeply, but were up, administering warm baths, injections, etc., which I have no doubt improved her. The day
before the tooth appeared she lay in a kind of lethargy, during
her sleep only a minute at a time, making no noise, taking little
or no nourishment & her legs, arms & face cordial in, with
furious red sweat, while her head & body were burning.
I cannot describe to you my sensations when the next day
I finally perceived a tooth. What a load of anxiety are removed!
I now knew the cause of her sleep & felt the alarm.
Every unpleasant symptom gradually disappeared, her ride here
was of great service to her, every day since our arrival her more
her Stock of health. She eats a great deal of meat & milk
every day, besides taking other food. The black girl, Mitty,
whom I have brought with me, is one of the gayest best
humoured creatures in the world. Liz is always running, painting or
dancing with her on our little flagga or beneath the trees.
Sam again suffies 2 gay as ever.
My solitude is seldom interrupted, Mrs Thornton's family are the only
persons I ever see, & they are seldom at their place, which
is a charming farm about a mile from this. They have been
extremely kind, & gave my lodging a room with them, which when
they & I declined they offered me every thing their house required
could afford & gave me almost every day sent something to me.
The cottage in which I am, is a small building of one story
with four rooms, two of which I occupy, & the tenants the others.
The walls of my room are made in which time has made
many a chink, my window have no glass, (except one
for Smith has dismounted) but are protected by shutters.
I brought out, what little furniture is here & have
to find my ingenuity to work to make that little room
all my wants. The stairs serve as a dresser on which I place
bottles, cups, saucers &c are displayed to the most advantage. The
chimney in my mud walls serves as a book case, in which
my table library is fixed to the front entrance; a post to give
about me an air of quiet room, a small bake oven, serves as a pot,
an oven for griddle & frying pan. My tea cup serves as sugar pot,
in which I steep my coffee, salt cellar a potter box &c. These
little continuance please me. I have a bench under the
noble willow which shade the front yard, where I pass most
of my time & I assure you it looks quite romantic to see
me seated on this most beautiful, with my cradle & my bed &
a small table before me. Here too when I have visitors, I
spread my tea table. There is a novelty in my situation, which
confers a degree of pleasure which compensates for every inconvenience.
As for solitude, every day trial but attaches me the more to it.
I spend my time in reading, writing & seeing & never feel lonely
or weary. Sam carried me to a most beautiful country, surrounded
by orchards, cops fields, meadows, fields & woods. Already have
I wondered this came of the most romantic scenery, where one
human fabrication reminds me of the vicinity of man. It first
I was charmed with my solitary ramble & preferred them
to having any company, but when my dear husband came
I, quickly abandoned a most sensible difference. United as we
