2 can telegraph, made them peculiarly subject to this complaint:-
Had I have run on, when I took up my pen, I resolved not to let my feelings appear, but wrong
to tell you, that from the tenor of Mary's letter I had no expectation of seeing her here this summer,
I as this was the case to beg Maria to come on with ships Nicholson. I am not selfish my dear
intest, I or selfish consideration should induce me to ask Maria to come here, if I had the least
idea her healths being endangered. But I cannot believe from what I have heard & from what I have observed
that this is an unhealthy place. If Mary had expressed the least desire to come, in the best regret that it
was not in her power, I should not think I should have felt so much pain from her letter. But never was the tenderness of my
feelings more necessary to my happiness for my feelings are too intimateable. I trust this will affect me more strongly than this reading
of your letter. I feel my usual indifference to trifles. Your letter contains nothing that I find fault with except in the mention of
the 8th. I then often, often assisted to see you again. I am yet I was quite contented & cheerful. But now I feel anxious & impatient once more to see you again, I
have no one to lay my head on the breast of an affectionate sister to tell her to take my hand -- It is now seven months since I left
London, I think that before seven months more I may be entirely separated from dear friends, wonder not that I am impatient again to see you -- forgive me for talking
this is only when I am alone that these feelings are more active. I am with my husband, when I walk with him I am always cheerful. Indeed it is seldom that my spirits are depressed, I can attribute it to my two most unfortunate letters. I had a letter of good wishes written to you but from
the receipt of a second unfortunate. Meanwhile my dear sister received my most affectionate thanks for your sweet, your
cheerful letter, & if you would add greatly to my happiness often write with me when you have need this letter, follow
the dictates of these feelings which I know it will create I write to you immediately, indeed I shall try for another
letter from you, & let me beg of you to write me often
