July 12, Saturday
About noon, I called up Senator Glass, and during our talk incidentally
I referred to the provision in the relief bill giving the Reconstruction
Finance Corporation the right to make loans direct to individuals, etc. without
the intervention of any bank. I told Glass that I agreed with President
Hoover that this was most objectionable and should be defeated. I then said
to Glass, that if Garner had suggested as a substitute giving such power to
the Federal Reserve System, I should be inclined to say that I personally
would favor it, as practically every central bank in the world had this
power, and I knew it was largely exercised by the Bank of France. Glass
did not seem to be much taken with this suggestion, and the conversation was
terminated.
About 12:30, Glass called up again, and said he had been thinking over
our talk, and asked me personally to draw for his confidential information
an amendment giving such power to the Federal Reserve System. I told him,
of course, that I would be glad to do this, but pointed out that it was
purely personal to myself and to him, as I had never discussed this in any
way with the Board.
I then told Dr. Miller about this. While he did not express any
opinion on the merits of the proposition, he told me there was no reason in
the world why I should not comply with Senator Glass' request, on the understanding
that it was personal and confidential and had nothing to do with
the Board.
July 11, Monday
Senator Glass introduced the above amendment to the emergency relief
bill - H.R. 9642.
July 12, Tuesday
Governor Meyer told the Board about this amendment introduced by
Senator Glass. I then explained to the Board my connection with the matter.
Governor Meyer was quite severe in his criticism of my having suggested this
amendment without consultation with the Board. I replied at once that I
had suggested nothing; that the amendment grew out of a personal talk between
Senator Glass and myself over the telephone, in which I suggested that I
agreed with President Hoover in his opposition to giving such power to the
Reconstruction Finance Corporation, and then I added, somewhat jocosely,
that if Mr. Garner had had the sense to suggest that this power be given
to the Federal Reserve System, I thought I should be inclined to approve
it, as I knew that practically every central bank in the world had this
power. I told the Board that Senator Glass did not seem to take any
