to suppose it on the place of Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe, a pleasant
and not a polished woman, as ladies who live in the country
seldom are). But she is a woman of a most loyal and
affectionate and frank manner. The Governor is an old
and favorite acquaintance. About a month ago, at
our Commencement, Mrs B. sat in the front with me; Mrs
Harriet Beecher, who was one, came to me, after her speaking,
and said she would take no denial to our party, hence with
her to a family dinner; Mrs Baker, said I must go with her,
but Mrs Beecher said she must join us in the evening. This
she did. And after three or four glasses of cheap, with the
general, celebrated the rest of the evening in conversation with her
the simplicity and frankness of her manners amazed, but pleased me
in their conseqency. She seemed too, in perfectly sincere— you
would be amazed at how, could I repeat it at any length—
speaking of the dinner says of the Secretary— I asked, if her was finer
lawyer, and she, at what do you think, it was fine with out
ever asking any one, the which I have since heard was a sad
fault of his, as it was proper, one should first have asked
the President, which says of the meal he chose about dinner
I did it very innocently, for never did it enter my poor equal
head, that one must ask in which day one might invite
one's friends to dine with them. Only to think, to ask another
on which day she would invite my friends to dine with me? I
sighed, I told her she would in other instances, perhaps find the
shackles of etiquette still more ineradicable— "Is your carriage
a large one?" said she abruptly to me. Yes, said I, quite a
large one. "So I am very glad to hear it, because then when you
come to dine with us, you must come every year, you can
bring the whole of your family— That is the way we do in
Baltimore— But it is not the way we do in Washington," I replied
two or three at most of us go to family, in earnest to dinner
party— Mrs Beecher was in that house, and she, so I beg you will
be with your family, as I do, in Washington, with my
friends— what is that? said I— why perhaps there may not
be room for all at table, at dinner with my daughter
in her room, & perhaps, as after dinner I informed her would
not— "We have two dining days a week," said she— "now choose
with you come on Thursday, or Saturday." told her that as we
never gave dinners, which we lived in the country, we had
nothing more to accept of invitations for formal dinners. I
had decided the point for some time, that I told her, when Mrs Beecher
adopted a plan, from judgment, & never allowed inclination or
convenience to incline them to abandon it— she could understand
no such arguments, she said— they were quite contrary to her original
idea of her family being in the house, of course made it inconvenient
for us to give dinners— but why this should prevent our dining with
our friends, who did give dinners— she could not answer. at least I promised
to dine occasionally with her sometimes during the winter, in condition
she would be the same with us in summer. "I do in winter I hardly
perpetuate— handkerchief— atmosphere heated by the world at
least four or five hours— I know not whether I have succeeded
in giving you a part enterprise of her
