If things are amiable in proportion to their variety, curletteness
to each other and clear means must have a great value against
their intense interest - It is in vain to repeat, the effectual
work of a sane regular & frequent intercourse; accident rather
than inclination prompts it. I am determined however to begin
the new year quite & not leave your last letter very unconnected.
It brought me the pleasing news of the continued health
self of one of your family; for I am sorry this not quite as well
as usual, is not your day seriously indisposed & I trust will be
long preserved in health & life -- be me advance in later
years must calculate on frequent interruptions of respectability,
& on a gradually increasing infirmity. The machine will wear
out, even if not injured by violence or accident. Our consolation
must be, that the mind which inhabited it, partakes not of
its frailty, but is or might be improving & gaining strength
in the same proportion as the body decays. -- I am often
in the same proportion as the body decays. -- I am often
in the same state, when I feel I ought to be peaceful for -- as for myself. I never
enjoyed a mind so free & unhurried by external circumstances
or internal emotions, as during the year that has just passed
away. As Dr. Stevens once said to me, "You have almost passed
the stormy part of life & are entering on a calm & tranquil
state, when all these complaints will vanish." Her kindness
is accomplished & I am often astonished at the contentment
& severity I enjoy. But that I can perfectly imagine this
avision entirely from physical causes -- my health indeed is
better & not subject to the violent attacks of this season
this the cause -- for the last two years my reading has been
almost exclusively of moral subjects as treated by the ancient
philosophers & in their writings there is a calm & tranquil
feeling at the same time elevating influence, that has
a most delightful effect on the mind -- But do not connect
with Philosophy any thing adverse to religion -- as some
readers of the modern school -- The immortality of the soul & the government of God is taught & enforced with
an eloquence that charms while it convinces & Their
system is not incompatible with that of revealed
religion, nor have I found that it contradicted my father's
Christian doctrines.
67714
