a large house filled with gay, active young
persons, a thought of the time when they
are scattered abroad when the parents were left
alone in their old age, in the house which
dropped that, even when this charge was
to be helpless to the children, it was a most
indefensible charge for the parents. On what
a thank with E. absence makes in your
dearly beloveds. Doubtless you have felt Reynolds
very sensitively, but a daughter is a child's daughter.
When I think of it, I rather pity them myself
with you -- and dear Mr Bryce how well he does
without his dear Sophia! And put when this
event takes place, friends with congratulations together
such a human life -- its joys and sorrows --
to our deeply entertained that we cannot part with
joy, without it should concern me.
I want to hear more of this charming one,
for Bryan's favor only one year home, could give me
but little consolation -- to be in character a defender
of this like Mr. Dick or an editor of our newspaper
for I know his father pretty well in our old
Broadford times I liked him very much.
I cannot think of either deserted homes without
an melancholy feeling -- there is a popular idea even
now -- that -- alone -- alone -- alone! -- to sit alone at meals --
to retire alone to her pillow -- to be confined
alone to a new chamber -- oh it could not be.
She a Mary hand, would furnish everything, as
much as anyone could give to attend her needs. --
Ann, I hope will be able to accept the invitation
such is now her intention; it is a loss while
since she has been from home I have not
only she may embrace the opportunity of making
her friends. I had no idea of the marriage which
place no one I fear his congregation will not be
quite satisfied.
I commence every week with a new resolution to
be more active, to constantly occupied to not to allow
my time to run to waste as it has done during
the past few months -- I am sure I cannot get
into my old habits, of some story motive or wanting
to be alone to occupy my thoughts -- different
to accept to me my middle child to be more than
entertainment in daily lessons -- our little boys, which of these
however are now to be prepared a that will afford
several occupations -- you have so many grand ideas
that you can never without regret -- I shall attempt
