nature, will be against
make a politician out of a little Virginielette - It is no longer a
truth, that can be bent a trained at your villa - I assure all parties I am
from given, a vigorous activity to this young plant that will not submit
to be trained to the strict lines of an Esatier, but will shoot forth
its government branches in every direction - a little pruning might
if the season is not too far advanced. - Your offer plan was much
the best you have not pressed for the last - Have you never seen
one of these young government men, dry round 2 round a round a tree, yet
even an old oak tree until it experienced it as far my little Sabine
he will do very well, at school, or at home, without masters - with this
it will not make much difference. - But by 2 tell me how you
succeed - at least it will be a delightful visit for you an intimate -
an object - which will add a new charm to home & will do you good
if it does nothing else. - Yet subject to such alterations as, you and
in your family - so much company - so many interjections - I see
not how you are to get along. I speak from experience - I would advise
a friend where good schools are to be obtained, to have
children taught at home - Anna in the best education of my children
is developing the acknowledged sentiment, I hesitate not to make
it because it went more to neglect than they should. Susan was
as good a regular instruction, would have been her superior in many
things. - It was not the deficiencies of instruction either - they
enough of that as correct as is to be had at schools - but the
manner - the order the habit - a home all the regulations, necessity
& stimulants, which public education has beyond mandate.
your Bayard, who mine at his age - is much affected with
whites - I hope like his cousin he may outgrow this peculiar
injury in good constitution at last - remember one to me a man
of the dear children, in a more reality,uthensp & confederates
I feel a dear 2 lucky interests.
Before this I presume you have received my Charity with
letter from Charlottesville - I am almost sorry that I wrote so early
under the excitement of feeling - my little journal would have been
better had it been quiet, & more carefully written at home
for it proved at least, that the idea of my leaving Texas, is ever
present & entrenches what pleasure I left off, to my lot. I shall
forget where I left off, but if not mistaken it was as I
had been at the University of Virginia - one of the finest
specimens of art & most magnificent Institution I have
ever seen - It has a most imposing effect - in a city, or less
cultivated country it would not be so impressive - But on a
reple height - embosomed in mountains surrounded with
a landscape so rich, varied & beautiful - so remote from any
city - There was something novel, as well as grand in
its locality, that certainly had a strong effect on the imagination
of a young man & a student there & perhaps the place, also
would purify & elevate my mind - The discipline of the Institute
has been greatly improved - & Mr. Madison, who is no mission
or enthusiast, says he does not believe more orderly habits or
pureer morals are to be found in any other college in
the U.S. - Some years ago, when some young ladies came out among
the students, originating in a mere fashion, which the faculty interloped
to resist, they had to call together the Directors (now Mr. J.
2 come of the nearest Victorians or Trusters) - The students, numerous
at first arrival had determined not to yield, or give up all their
names, but if it became the alternative, to submit to such
names as they could find in the U.S. - The President appointed the Students
to a room, & the President himself was present, & the President
called before him, stood erect, & looked supreme - There was a silence
of expectation, waiting for Mr. Madison to speak -
He sat amidst them with his head
in his hands, like a father amidst his children - The
