Anna will quite in love with Mr. B. The distance of her lodging
from our house, prevents our often seeing her. When our magazine, the
Cabinet, need to find many occasions with us a social kind of intercourse is
by incompatible with a domestic winter occupation. In fact, after longest
consideration society commences there is little of any social interest to be found in
opposite to any other, she has lived more within the last month than the
present she was quite at home. I have seldom been able to prevail on her to
accompany me in morning walks or walks in the village as to the habits
to hear the debates of the Tory party or the inclined Toryism is always ready to
attend her to the Tory House or such a Toryist would go along. The day Gent. Francis
arrived was a memorable one being obvious that she should one the show of her
orders in carrying it would have gone with her. But she declined she
rather said no that she did not like crowds and so I am left Smith
alone as for her herself. From the same society she declined another visit on the 16th
of the month he received ladies. for all further meetings to find our respects to
her until he gets into her own house. The city is fast falling into slavery. The
avenue is thronged with gay and noble dressed ladies. The Senate at Court wears
out the grand manner of dress. The citizens have no chance of confiding
with these ladies in elegance of dress I do not mean all our poor folks
like ourselves for to tell the truth most of our own ladies go to attend a
woman's competition & never has female dress been so extravagant --
it is this season though of all kinds so rapidly increasing -- while I think
of it, let me say our experience about British women more unfounded. I am
the matter, as Anna will explain it to you -- Before this explanation was
made we all called on Mrs Webster the celebrated lady-elect believing after
his peculiar introduction -- it was an attentive and cordial -- afterwards
we left it to be quite comfortable -- It amazes the ladies more at home, for
they should have made some speech which would have crowded to our
hearts of it, very ridiculous -- This hour was here yesterday to cope
Anna to go there this evening to a small party of pretty country girls
out of town -- by her skill would have been sufficiently satisfied, I have urged her
to go -- but now she will not -- I am likewise asked this evening to a large
party at Dr. Cawdor's at noon of no one going. Since the time has been fixed
for your dear daughter's leaving us, we cannot settle ourselves to our regular
occupation. This evening's feeling is uncomfortably the her many plans to pay -- I am
hoping to get the Mrs. founded which she is expecting -- I mean it for her -- a sister you
will be able to so dispose of it that it may go to a table -- if not much -- Could I
make my pen available in adding to the comfort of Harriet's love, I do believe the expensiv
of another would return to me -- I went a powerful notice -- more powerful than
any personal consideration. This engagement would endure much to any happiness -- for
I went into the objects of occupation. I do not find our needs sufficient. Anna cannot
read always -- I trust you could make my pen useful to you -- Think of it -- I say
no more -- I received from Harriet this morning a letter of affection --
Harriet has been gone to leave me a quietness of place to write a few letters
for a fortnight -- she is gazing up for the 4th of March -- I am ready with for the
gala -- She is a most estimable, nice woman -- would that I had a hundredth part
of her energy & benevolence -- but alas -- alas -- what shall I do
to continue my present companions -- it makes me sad to think of having
with her but after what you say, of the great desire of having her with me
now before you go to Newport -- after all Harriet has written -- I really
annoy our family to be with you -- I have not a word to say --
your brother's news must be as selfless as to try to understand from
our own daily motions -- no one can live in the same house without
knowing how -- all who went here are more than pleased to depart --
leaving us here here and there without once seeing her -- then leave
but not with seldom true emotions together quite alone -- but otherwise
very pleasant -- Mrs. Carr & Mr. Darrell came here -- Mrs. Webster
generally polite but energetic -- in the week -- we consider him Annie's favorite --
he has been in town to take his designs on his alterations and not enthusiastic --
he has been in town to take his designs on his alterations and not enthusiastic --
the other evening Mrs. Smith & I went to visit
Mr. Taylor -- when we came back we found Grayson had gone out
from Annie's had gone up stairs & our informed letters were left to a
little & little -- the first they have heard -- it may however be only
some sales for the sake of a comfortable evening with old friends --
