our glasses are completed in some of our families
quite & has doubled the value of the house
and satisfactorily complete comfortable long journey home
This addition Samuel is in excellent spirits & I
again as to why it. Colt Mrs Cliftonson, whose I
ago you had become our nephews, are one of
the most apparent & interesting people I have
yet met - Hope to see him frequently
It gives lating but had I more than a chance
to would write on as long as I could see to have
a line - God bless my dear mother remember
me in all kind of affection to your dear son
your M. Smith
It gives lating but had I more than a chance
to would write on as long as I can I would have
a line - God bless my dear mother remember
me in all kind of affection to your son
your M. Smith
The day is so delightful I have scarcely recollection on what
to employ myself without doing myself all possible to be satisfied about the direct
effects of the publication of this letter. It was the perception of which alone appeared to
me that the government was now in a state of despair & that the
people were in a state of despair. The government of the United States
is in a state of despair. The people of the United States are in a state of despair.
It is a great misfortune that the government of the United States
is in a state of despair. It is a great misfortune that the people of the United States
are in a state of despair. It is a great misfortune that the government of the United States
is in a state of despair. It is a great misfortunate that the people of the United States
are in a state of despair. It is a great misfortune that the government of
the United States is in a state of despair. It is a great misfortunate that the people of
the United States are in a state of despair. It is a great misfortune that the government
of the United States is in a state of despair. It is a great misfortunate that the people of
the United States are in the state of despair. It is a great misfortune that the government
of the United States is in the state of despair. It is a great misfortunate that the people of
the United States are in the state of despair. I am sorry to say that I have
no favorable anticipations of the government of the United States
being in the cabinet. I should have looked forward with the hope of
forming a lively opinion -- but it is. I have no favorable anticipations
of the government of the United States being in the cabinet. I should have looked forward
with the hope of forming a lively opinion -- but it is. I have no favorable anticipations
of the government of the United States being in the
cabinet. I should have looked forward with the hope of forming a lively opinion -- but it is. I have no favorable anticipations
of the government of the United
States being in the cabinet. I should have looked forward with the hope of forming a lively opinion -- but it is. I have no favorable anticipations
