March 15, 1829. Washington
Have just received Elizabeth's letter & hope that she may
not deceive me, when she says you are now convalescent
Dear man! what shall we do, if either of us one very
many ill -- how painful will separation then be! when our
last sickness comes -- & come it must, what consolation
would it be to receive the last human support, from those
we have loved from birth & through life -- alas, I fear
at times this consolation will not be ours -- in truth I often
fear we never shall meet again -- well, -- what then? Say
to myself -- It will only make a little longer interval, between
our communications & will be followed by a communion, a
thousand times more perfect & more satisfying to affection,
than any we can henceforth expect to enjoy on earth -- For
unrespect, very improper in the communion we now have --
what have I known of the state of your mind or feelings,
since I saw you, it is now a year ago. -- How many sad hours, how
many corroding years, & how many enjoyments too, have we
mutually had, as entirely unknown to each other, as if we
separated by death. -- In this manner I try to reconcile myself
to circumstances beyond our control -- that when my heart
is full, either of sadness, or tenderness, or joy, it will serve
for my sister! -- Dearest, dearest friends -- would that I could at
such moments feel myself prepared in your arms -- feel my
lean merges with yours -- Do you remember the last bitter
day I passed with you? The mine on the road between
Haston & Brunswick -- the ground covered with snow, the sky
cloudy -- the air cold -- but what were these things to us? we
felt no cold -- our hearts were too warm -- our hands were
clasped in each other & our spirits were as closely united
from morning on each succeeding morning to the hour of
each other -- & so I have -- The 20 of this last month, with long
be remembered by many, on account of the tremendous snow
storm, which was so wide spread in its desolation --
where were you that day? -- It was the sweetest &
most interesting birth-days I ever passed! -- Cold & temper-
tuous as it was without doors, it was beam & bright with
joy -- Not expecting any interruption, I had gathered the girls
around me & round a blazing fire & more comfortable
seated with our backs & our backs, looking from time to
time at the drawing snow & listening to the loud blast, when
a carriage drove to the door -- it was opened, & our interesting
friend, Mrs W entined -- Always
welcome,
