Sidney, August 29, 1831.
These abominable flies! much as I
wish to want, & although I am provided with a dozen pincushions
fingers, they will not I really believe allow me to accomplish my
purpose -- nor do these new invented pens greatly assist me -- how
often has the current of my ideas been checked by a bad pen --
really this little incident has been one of my miseries of human
life I worried me more than I can describe -- when I bought
a packet of these pens I hoped to have triumphed over this
obstacle to enjoyment -- but as I have yet made
the experiment, it has failed -- that am I to die -- you
would laugh were you to see my writing book -- there is a
gold -- a silver, 2 steel pen, with dozens of well worn quills
burden my new acquisition -- yet, thought is impeded by this
plegacy little instrument. -- were I to begin life again
I would certainly learn to make my own pens -- to write a
good hand -- but it is too late now -- If I live a few years
longer it is more than probable I shall not see to world
at all -- for my eyes now only do half their duty -- what would
life be to me without sight? May a gracious providence
preserve me from the trial.
But, my dear Maria, when are you in Sydney?
so I am thinking here about troublesome flies -- bad pens -- one
you will, one pen sharp -- one pen at Pitts field, or
at home? I received your letter by Mr Clarke -- the package
of books which accompanied it -- The testimony of your memory
brings was grateful to my heart & most acceptable to my
dear Susan who serves me more sensible than ever to any
demonstration of affection or kindness -- she was delighted with Station
particulars. She much pleased with all the rest -- I beg me
to express to you our gratitude for thus kindly remembering
her. She is much better than when I last wrote -- but her
cough still continues -- often production of fever & general palpitation
of disposition. I hope when the weather is less of temperature, she
will recover her strength, for now even the most
