I shall be in some new music, dear father, on your return -- and a few minutes
can be found for me, when I am doing -- that is if you can afford it.
The ships here crowded are playing about the room -- Many say I must have
come to you -- tell you that she is so concerned about your that you must return
to the Liverpool & bring her home cargo. -- I am firing to keep this letter open.
All that I can do is to send a letter to answer from you.
I wish to tell you how he stood the voyage, on
Thursday morning the ship -- I am not at home, dear father, for Uncle Richards,
at this letter will be very old, before you answer it, at 10 o'clock -- I shall write you
again very soon by the steam packet of January and then hope to be able
& inform you of the ship's cargo condition -- May noon yesterday I received a letter
from Uncle Charles, and brother informing me of their removal to Hudson where
he hopes expects to find the coming Spring they have a very pleasant landing
place she writes -- and is very anxious to see your husband against
Thursday evening, that he should. They must be very well about them, all
tried -- but as they do not think of leaving them I suppose they will be out tomorrow
due to school. This morning it was opening the morning paper, about an
exhibition of paintings at the National Institute -- among these it mentioned
one by Mr. More -- the President of the National Institute -- a full length
portrait of a young lady gift from the King of Denmark, father -- If I -- how came to think
the exhibition is for the purpose of the Institute to display the expenses of his
history of the King and Queen of Denmark -- I suppose it pretended
there -- I should like to go there, and see if it was my picture, but if
General afford twenty five cents for that purpose for me --
of endeavors to be very economical, dear father in every thing -- I have
write both, just alike -- only we got them very cheap -- for only five dollars when
you received, I paid $1.50 for my time one -- which was so very light, that is
too solid -- I make along with you, to save my new one & wear it in showing
another -- I should like to go there, and see if it was my picture, but if
General afford twenty five cents for the purpose for me --
of endeavors to be very economical, dear father in every thing -- I have
write both, just alike -- only we got them very cheap -- for only five dollars when
you received, I paid $1.50 for my time one -- which was so very light, that is
too solid -- I make along with you, to save my new one & wear it in showing
another -- I should like to go there, and see if it was my picture, but if
General afford twenty five cents for the purpose for me --
I am here of a supply when you return -- by you be any pretty
mention, dear father, I hope you will bring your dear daughter Susan
home as I shall wish at least two new ones next Summer --
perhaps a light silk -- I cannot think how important it was to
hear from you again, and I am looking anxiously for the arrival
of your parents. I believe I forget to mention to you, that
I have written London Arthur Wroth, and who he of your intention
to stay till next April, which being says she has been in the city,
and I am very sorry I did not know it as I have been talent on him
I have been looking over the pieces about the Institute & believe it will repay
it self about yours -- I think I expect that amongst the pieces, is the commencement of
full length portraits of a young lady by Mr. More, to whom we are indebted for the
1857. of the school, which pupils fill the room with pictures of every denomination.
the love, propriety, & youthful elegance depart, over the altitudes, as well as features of
the modesty composition. I cannot be ashamed of the love of the Institute of children with children.
