approbation that they were nuisance; and it was even carried so far
that the Grand Jury were requested to present the buildings as a nuisance;
and under a strange misapprehension respecting them, they were on the point
of doing so. Happily, however, they discovered before it was too late, that there
was not the least occasion for alarm, and disposed without any action on the matter.
I hear nothing from Dr. Jackson, since the articles which I wrote
vindicating you from his calumnies. It is well he came on & just as he did, as
your attempt is complete, & he is disabled that he now can do you no further
harm. I sent you both my articles, in former letters.
Geography has been much improved since you left, especially
in the style of lettering marks. We could not, if you recollected, give the body of the
letter without great difficulty, but wrote in handwriting; and the lower
can Roman letters had only the long stroke without the hair-stroke. I have now
invented a method of making both perfect, and equal to the handiwork of copper-
plate lettering. Munson has actually engraved in three days of hard work, nearly
equal to 300 words, on the model of Pennsylvania, equivalent to 2400 letters.
This, I promise, could not be done so handilyously on copper in double the time; &
then, you know, our plate will strike 300,000 copies, while the copper plate will
strike only 10,000, and we can print at least sixty times as fast.
Dr. Matthews has resigned the Chancellorship of the University, & Mr.
Flagglinghams is appointed to succeed him. He will accept, if the University is
freed from debt, and an effort is now making to accomplish this object.
Your room will not be disinterested, as the medical hall is not to be made.
Last year has been a year of very great expense, an immense sum
having been required for the new buildings; whilst it has been a year of little income,
from rents, & this year, if we meet with no disaster, the tide will begin to turn,
& it would not be surprising, if the income from rents & the paper in three years
enabled us to pay all debt & carry description, mortgages & floating debt, &
left us a property, (real estate & the paper) yielding an income of $20,000
per annum. I say this to encourage you when you feel distressed in view of pecuniary
matters, for if you fail to realize enough for your support from your own property
you may calculate confidently, if I am successful, that I will make up the deficiency of
