Friday, Dec 21st dear father, you will be surprised at the few words I send you, before I take my departure
from this place. I attended the evening meeting, which will be a subject for the purpose of
making gentlemen for the ignorant. The young students of the University would naturally, in such an
advanced Academy want to see me, and they very much interested me personally. The
John Baker is one of the contributors. I have been for some time past president of the club among the
women, but she died not long since. I also received a letter from Charles Spalding. You
know how I am in need of some warm weather garments. I am now suffering from a
fever which I think I got from the cold weather. I suppose it will have to
go without me as I have no clothes. I am now in want of money. I am anxious to know
if I can get money enough to pay my necessary expenses. I really think when the time comes
that I shall have to ask for money, as I have not received how many other expenses I have
to consider, especially for travel. I am sorry I am so extravagant. But I do
not expect to be extravagant, dear father, as my friends here, can testify. I hope one of their
letters will be sent to the Tribune office. I am quite sorry about sending for the boys. I think they
have left at their leisure. I would have left if I could. I am anxious to hear from
you. I am sorry to hear from you that your father is ill. I would have sent him home if I could.
I am sorry to hear from you that your father is ill. I would have sent him home if I could.
I am sorry to have heard from you that your father is ill. I would have sent him home if I could.
I am sorry to have heard from you, that your father is ill. I would have sent him home if I could.
I am sorry to have heard from you, that, your father is ill. I would have sent him home if I could.
I am sorry to have heard from you, that your mother is ill. I would have sent her home if I could.
I am sorry to have heard from you, that your mother is ill. I would have sent her home If I could.
I am sorry to have heard from you, that your mother is ill. I would have sent her home if I Could.
I am sorry to have heard from you, that your mother is ill. I would have sent her home if I Could.
I am sorry to have heard from you, that your mother is ill. I would have sent her home if I Could.
