My very dear Arthur
Since to seeing you, the greatest pleasure I have ever a
day is, writing to you, and this morning, found a favorable opportunity for
holding a letter that will give you an idea how much I miss the great
Western littoral and amid the thousands of letters I received to Europe
there was a rare long one from a certain gentleman by the name of Spencer
found in these days for his Christian character.
I am becoming very impatient to see such a letter as I dare say it
will be the keel of at least a letter from your Mr. H. of Smith's
hear, has also your parole for me, but as he left the American Congress
is seated in the pocket ship Jefferson the 21st and I never yet enjoyed
the pleasure of seeing him yet a letter.
Since I last wrote you dear father, I have been quite ill, having
a severe cold which I think about a week since, and deal with
chills, & constipation, & lastly with typhus pitts produced by Dr. Baker, and
to say I was able to go out to watch against Mrs. Baker was very
kind to me during my short illness and every day I live for more
& more. Do you not think she is a lovely woman, father?
This Thursday (the 29th) was Thanksgiving day, to this day I am in
awe of the American states. It did not seem like Thanksgiving
to me, when I was unable to attend church or to eat much dinner
the old men's association to Mrs. Williams to deliver in Boston
then but only 2000. Mrs. Baker and little Mary, young, they had a
very pleasant time indeed, and in the evening the two families came over to
their office. Mrs. Medwin, when several of their relatives had assembled
there, and I, had quite heard ministers Baptistly to the pastor,
when we were agreeably surprised by a flying visit from my
pretty niece, during which she had not been home for a great while.
He seemed to be in very good health and would have been come to
our bed many times, but he had to go for business during the short
time long time. He sleeps upon the floor of the house now, and
though he had to come here, we never got him away to call on me.
The dear boys are yet at school, and I am sure they are compelled
to this work with them, they are very compelled
