relays employed in my invention, and for which
I seek letters patent, and the same, or similar
to those of any other applicant, a existing patent.
Some metallic wires - others do liberise - for
emerging electricity. But no one can claim a Patent
for this use, as it is an old method.
Some magnets - others do liberise - but no
one can claim a Patent for this use since it has
long been common.
Some galvanism, a voltaic electricity - others
do liberise, but for the same reason as above, so
can claim a Patent for this use.
I repudiate any communication of designs, by
turning and closing the circuit of metallic wire -
others do liberise, but neither for this nor any other
letters patent, since it is in common use
the world over.
In the points which I have stated, I believe
that all similarities between my invention and that
of any other claimant, terminate.
The reply now state some of the principalities
of my invention, and which distinguish it from all others.
1. Note.
This type may be
still be used. They are the mechanism for
all means for regulating the time of
telegraphic purposes, at how ever contemplated any
circuits that bears any resemblance to them.
These types form such an essential part of
my invention, that without them, the practical utility of
any invention is for the most part destroyed,
and full use fully of the mechanism of any electrometer
is impossible without them. This alone, is sufficient to
demonstrate the essential difference in the structure
and character of my invention from that of all others,
and thus entirely one to Patent.
Moreover, the use of my type is essential
to constitute any invention practical, as by it alone
can be effected to distance quite all but a single circuit
from the type, the variations in design cannot, a never
have been effected, except by using a multiplicate wire
circuits. To such a multiplication of circuits all
Notes
This type may be
still be used. They are the mechanism for
All means for regulating the time of
telegraphic purposes, at how ever contemplated any
circuits which bears any resemblance to them.
These types form such an essential part of
my invention, that with out them, the practical utility of
any invention is for the most part destroyed,
and full use full use of the mechanism of any electrometer
is impossible without them. This alone, is sufficient to
prove the essential difference in the structure
and character of my invention from that of all others,
and this entirely one to Patent.
Moreover, the use of my type is essential
to constitute any invention Practical, as by it alone
can be effected to distance quite all but a single circuit
from this type, the variations in design cannot, a never
have been effected, except by using a multiplicate wire
