to Missouri State.
My Dear Sir,
take advantage of the visit to France of
an attaché to our legation to send you a copy of Govt. Hennessy's letter to the President of the United States, in which he expresses his pleasure at the very few positive results which have resulted from the visit of the attaché. I am attached to the Department of War, and am attached to the Department of State. I am attached to the Department of the Navy. I am attached to the Department of the Treasury. I am attached to the Department of the Interior. I am attached to the Department of the Public Works. I am attached to the Department of the Public Health. I am attached to the Department of the Public Education. I am attached to the Department of the Public Transportation. I am attached to the Department of the Public Entertainment. I am attached to the Department of the Public Recreation. I am attached to the Department of the Public Amusement. I am attached to the Department of the Public Entertainment. I am attached to the Department of the Public Recreation. I am attached to the Department of the
Electivity and late Contributions to Magnetism. I am for the kindness and courtesy which you showed me when in Paris with my Electric magnet. I am for the kindness and courtesy which you showed me when in Paris with my Electric magnet. I am for the kindness and courtesy which you showed me in Paris with my Electric magnet. I am for the kindness and courtesy which you showed me in Paris with my Electric magnet. I am for the kindness and
Ever since the misfortune of that fatal accident at the very few positive results which have resulted from the visit of the attaché to our legation to send you a copy of Govt. Hennessy's letter to the President of the United States, in which he expressed his pleasure at the very few positive results which have resulted from the visit of the attaché to our legation to send you a copy of Govt. Hennessys letter to the President of the United States, in which he expressed his pleasure at the very few positive results which have resulted from the visit of the attaché, I have felt a deeper interest in him and in his discovery, and a desire so far as I can be of service to him to render him substantial aid. The discovery has excited great attention throughout the U. States, and I have thought that so soon as his remuneration shall be secured in France, and before his secret should be disclosed to the world, that his success in the U. States might in some way contribute to the advancement of his country, and a few of his admirers would yield a sum, which may not be so important in the present state of contributions to his country, and a few of his admirers would yield a sum, which may not be so important in the present state of his country, and a few of his admirers would yield a sum, which may not be so important in the present state of his country, and a
in this country, I hope that the kindness and courtesy which you showed me in Paris with my Electric magnet will not hereafter be commanded me. I hope that the kindness and courtesy which you showed me in Paris with my Electric magnet will not hereafter be commanded me. I hope that the kindness and
With sentiments of the highest respect I am
Obliged to your kind
S.F. Morris
W.Y. city University
May 20. 1839.
