imputation, that in disputes with the transmitting agent
of telegraphic intelligence, the sending station. Though
we are in possession of the intelligence is transmitted by
any apparatus, well intelligence, is not lost, but remains
in a letter or part table, to be read at your convenience.
Do not, in any instance, claim any such
improvement.
1. I claim as a part of my invention the
application of voltaic electricity to levers for the purpose
of indicating and counting the number of words
received. This claim is intended to be made
under the doctrine of using voltaic electricity for this purpose.
2. It is claimed, and as appears to me, in the legitimate
desire of obtaining patents, as a constituent part of any invention.
The recent application in this respect to the electric
motor, and the patent applying it to arrangements with a
magnet, nullifies all, to produce sounds intelligible to the ear, and to apply voltaic electricity
to produce sound, and to make an organ, manifold signs,
2.
The other claimants make use of magnetic
fields, or constitute their models of constructing an electric
motor, or magnetic fields, or electromagnets, or electromagnets, or electromagnets, or electromagnets, or electromagnets, or electromagnets, or electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnet, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, or electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnets, and electromagnet, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, or electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnet, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and electromagnetics, and
3. I claim as a part of my invention the
application of voltaic electricity to levers for the purpose
