and send under, to stay in the house & keep warm by the fire.
Unfortunately, this nice new suit of clothes which they had made
before they went up there, paid them so much. Now they prefer
wearing their old clothes which by this time must be pretty well
ironed out. They have no mittens either to keep their hands warm, so
I have begun to send them some nice warm ones – Uncle Selmy
has considered, I believe, when Uncle Richard returns to send
them up to Mr. Wacklam's school at Manchester etc. It is an excellent
school I know but I cannot bear the thought of going so far away
from us all to look another home – As I do wish to be a very
colds & black fellow – I must be that they are warmly clad before
they go to Charleston must have a warm coat as his Clerk is all
done out – to be sure it is a very cold thing.
You do not know dear father how you about children long to see
you – and I do hope you will be able to come before April.
I am growing more and more impatient to see you again, and I hope
the good Jewish people will make haste and accept your telegraph,
and take your picture to reward you for it – as that seems to be
the most essential part, just now.
Yesterday, her was all bustle and Company for Mr. Joe R. Peters arrived
in the morning – with his bride, Mrs Smith from Albany. I was much
pleased with her though I think she better rather be married –
She told me that she used to know my grand father Marks – as well
as you – and that the name of Marks would be even dear when she has
you a little in her mouth from you – about the time in Mexico – which
she intends stopping one or two returns from Philadelphia.
This morning they left for that place. When it is to be for the
first time her three daughters – Abby, Mary & Caroline – she is
at a Jewish School in Philadelphia – I hope they will be pleased
with their new step mother.
I read, now, and practise every day dear father and cousin – me
to make myself useful to the members of the family. I am reading
now – Prescott's history of the Reign of Ferdinand & Isabella – which is in
its two large volumes & next, I am going to take up Roncquer's
history of the United States both of which Dr. Peters has lately been
purchased with – I have a fine opportunity of seeing all the new
publications as Dr. P is in town and has them sent to him.
