put in might suggest to many minds many modes of
doing it, and since one of these might, or might not resemble
mine, none of the several inventors could be entitled
to a patent for their respective modes.
2d. The publication declares the fact,
that every invention contained in Register which permanently
stands, and in character, is only capable of full determination.
But this is only a statement of a result. It is
no description of the means of rendering it, or producing
the result. It is an independent description of means
which would be as follows: "A has invented a gun that will
shoot accurately at night angles."
3d. The publication declares a provision
of the existing proceedings by way of invention, and an opinion
of the character thus produced, indicates by way of
dictionary. But the provision about description of mechanism
by about one of type, has, here, in a working instrument, thus
description of character was produced, is not disclosed
in the publication, nor explained. No reader leaves this from the
publication here explained. He leaves here in his mind the
character of the means he is now using, and the means of producing
the character, and all this without the description of
the means, or result which the publication contains.
It is difficultly relevant to the Franklin attorney
general, whether a publication of results is to be considered
as a description of means or can bring any invention within
the meaning of the provision of law here upon direction to be
validating in the slightest degree my claim to a Patent?
Allow me to say, there are these characters
I have so improved upon as to quite supersede these (a)
and (b) have very little whether they are embraced by a patent or not.
The steam revolver (a) is a different form than the pistol,
but of characters, entirely distinct from these (b) pistol,
and pistol I have not claimed a patent, (c) pistol (d) pistol.
To that extent of the publication stands, grant article of my present
claim.
On the unanimous return of the Franklin Institute I
have submitted to you, and will submit, if there is to be
a publication here of my invention, though not printed
in the publication contained the Alphabetic signs substantially
as they now exist.
98520
58,132, march 31, 1847.
