I might get me some warm weather clothing, shoes & stockings &c. and as
but has only one girl, to do all her work I should prefer not
have any washing done in the house -- as I do not think it is
the whole gente economical having go domestic labour in the Country this
Winter -- we would save money to pay -- Dresses & that thing are
made dearer here, than in the City & as you will have to send me
a box at all events, they will get them here. My little friend J.
Dollins will attend to the purchase of if you will give me the money
He will buy me a nice cheap bed & I will find myself a room
and get my clothes -- if want a coach think one of a coach will
do -- & that is all I can have them make him, very cheap.
only wants for I know it is not very pleasant to you. If you
have saved the money you will do to all the things for me, and
as soon as they are ready I hope to receive them -- The beauty
from dollars which Charles sent me will do to send on for my spending
him, he asked me, dear father, I am trying to be economical and
can have no fear want to posses -- You will have me
especially in leaving the town sent. if you like it to the Hills took of
he is very much about diet matters --
Until I Uncle Dicken's now at Boston -- & I am then gone
away and staying quite near him. About Washington is collected
from all around Paris, and I believe Joseph dies not go to the
town. Baron Trant from I have told you about the prospect
of this villa. He is very amiable & promising young man -- very
body very -- his health is very poor now, & his gentleman think
some of sending him to a hospital to see such things -- I hope he
will get at it may do him good to have him from consumption --
Have you heard from Uncle Calley --
My health is excellent, and I feel thankful, I must, for
the many mercies I am daily receiving. -- You may think of
the dear father, is on dreaming to beham with the almost justice
on all occasions, and to be useful to my friends around
me -- I have yet another letter to write, & do must take
my love to your present -- I pray to dear from your dear Samuel when
I am so long absent
From
Samuel
Levin
