Mr. President,
Your welcome letter, also had the pleasure of his Company here to leave. He has
had a long voyage of it. Do you not think so? He really began to feel anxious
for his safety, as he has been out over two months, and the Ville de Lyon
which sailed from Havana Nov. reached New York before the Union.
However, he has at length arrived safely, and is improving health, or
at least feels thankful for that. They enclose a subscription of sales in
lead woods, but no stores. It is very pleasant to hear from your dear father
and to learn that every thing thus far, appeared so favorable. Dr. Dale has
done me the favor to allow me to send your letter to him, and I have
also been sending an account of the Telegraph in a French paper which
you sent him. Your letter found me as well as usual, and quite happy
in the society of my friends here: but every day is long for your return, &
to see you once more. Your fleet so swiftly, that ships will soon be here
now! We have not seen Mr. H. L. Smith yet, though he arrived the
week before last. If he has any letters for us, they have gone to the United,
as he started for Washington immediately on his arrival, leaving a note
for Dr. Dale saying, that he preferred to hear from you sooner in letter
than he would call the week, week on his return. As yet, we have seen
nothing of him.
I intend to send this letter by the 2nd of the packet of the 1st of Jan. so I shall
have a little in it from time to time, telling you how the little events that
take place in our every day life. I sent him since Harriet & myself
wrote the night of Mrs. Adams, and this lady asks me the favor, to speak
of my dear mother's letter to her, before & after her marriage, and allow
me to read them. It was a delightful employment, and her letters are
beautifully written, & completed. Little did she know when she penned
them, that they were to be read at some future day by her own daughter
& me, she confesses to Mr. H. that she is engaged to you, and in another
day she is afraid she loved you too much. She would you could see
them. She speaks of my birth in one, and in some of them tells me she is
98549
