I shall feel very poor & stingy while I am in debt, let my income be as so
large & prospects ever so good; but, if I know myself, I shall be very little
disposed to keep hold of money or to hoard or accumulate, after debts are paid.
It will go very freely for experiments, for public objects, & for the aid of
any who may need aid. It was never any part of my plan or wish to lay the
prosperity on the corner of Napan & Beckham, or to leave Mrs Drake's house & lot, although
I always thought it a property that would yield a large interest if properly improved;
but I would have preferred a less income with less care & less risk. See no
reason yet to change any views. -- There is great care, there is some risk; but
the prospect still is that it will yield a very handsome interest. If we had not
bought it, however, I should now be in a condition to settle down in the family state
& depend freely & liberally for my own support, for the prosecution of experiments, for
public objects &c. Perhaps, in a little time, I may do all these on a larger scale, in
consequence of working, but I do not like the delay. --
The more I think of your telegraph the more I advise it. I speak constantly as one of the most simple and beautiful inventions of any country
or any age. I do not wonder that the savans of the old world speak of it as
cruelty and brutality.
Since the first of January I have resumed the editing of the Observer,
We found that the list was diminishing very sadly under Mr Tracy, although
in some respects a first-rate editor. So much depreciation was felt, that I was under
the necessity of taking the chair again. The list is now going up again, & I am
in hope that Telegraphy will enable us to push it ahead gloriously. If you find
nothing else to do when you get back, we can no doubt make a berth
for you in connection with the paper.
After all, the longer I live, the more thoroughly satisfied I am that it
is of little consequence whether our lot here is marked by prosperity or adversity. The grand
thing is to have the talent, like the bee, of extracting honey from the thorn as well as the
flower. If we are the children of God we can do this, & there is no deprivation in
which we cannot be happy. I have little experience, thus far, of anything in this
life that deserves the name of trial, but I trust, I have in some measure been enabled
to make this improvement of the light afflictions which have fallen to my lot.
