that little Susan must be one of her sweetest kiddies. I should judge from her
letters that she was very fond of Mrs Mason. They all breathe the language of
prity, and I cannot not help wishing when I read them, that I had the her.
But at present, how could he am I to her, in all that is lovely & of good reputation
Barrett or I have had a conversation together, or I have told her the state of my
feelings in regard to the one thing needful I do not say much on the subject,
having always been a customer to keep my fortune to myself, or it is only by
making a great effort that I have communicated them to others. I attend all
the Sunday meetings, and the Bible Class, which is very interesting to me. I thank
you, dear father for your good advice, in the last letter, and will endeavour to
follow it, especially in regard to my conduct to young men. He present, I have no
opportunity of acting upon it, as I do not see any young gentlemen at all.
I have had no calls from any since your last except Linen. One was from Mr
Barton the farmer, from New Haven, bringing me a letter from his cousin Miss Benson,
& the other from Mr. Simon G. Claverack, with a note from his sister to me. George & Edward
are both absent, and Harriet since I remain quite at home, not visiting in any
place, but confining our visiting to a few calls. Has Miss Jessup got not her allowance at
the hands of a family friend, or that I do not have a chance of seeing much company.
New York will now soon be home, if I can successfully realize it. – that Christmas's
Christmas, & I wonder whether I shall have any presents, I intend making
Harriet, or the little ones, a present if I can. I understand to be very economical
dear father, as I am aware it is now difficult to raise money.
Thanks for your notice a large sum for your telegraph, I have one request to make you
that what do you think it is? I want you to leave your miniature taken by some
first rate artist, as a wearable form, and presented to your daughter. This gift
she would prefer above all others. – Will you consider the matter, dear father?
This Wednesday evening, and I am seated at the table in the front parlor during this
pretty sight by the fire, at her drawing, & I must not forget her love to your little boys,
& though he has fallen asleep in the morning, the former has been telling every body,
to day, that Uncle Richard had arrived? He thinks he is her Uncle, as well
as mine – Uncle Sidney passed me a flying cable, this morning. He is well, but full
of business & cares, as usual. I see from the mention of the place, where they go
to school, that you are not yet apprised of their removal from Mr. Thrum's school.
They are yet at Hudson, where Aunt Minie is now teaching, enjoying themselves, indeed, but
I presume will soon be sent to some school. Poor boys! They are truly poor people
I long to see them have a home, and be with me again. I have been enjoying
mitting them some good warm mittens, to keep their hands warm – this cold weather
last evening, Mr. John Peters & his new wife were here, and the latter says that I
write you she wants to send one word to you, & I must let her know. He was a Miss
Brook of Albany, as I told you in a former letter, of this is a very agreeable
lady, & exceedingly loquacious. Miss Bee Peters writes of sending to Governor L.D.
in the Spring, & wants to go too, but he has as yet no military plans. Since he states
you, I think, dear father, I have latitude enough with you this evening, if I
say much more, I shall leave no room for another day, so I will say
good night, & take my leave for the present, in the hope of assuring my distresses
very shortly. – Ben Sirn, machine time.
