May I not presume the English law to be about
the freedom law is, and what the French law is in principle,
about the regulation of publication? A publication of results
was a minute, lucid and description of mere results produced
by an invention cannot invalidate a posterior patent in
either of those countries, if the invention, the modes of operation, in
producing those results are not likewise described in the
publication, to enable the inventor to produce the same results.
Suppose a man published, that I had invented
a gun that could shoot accurately in eight angles by
virtue of any given power. Surely this could not produce
my claim to a patent subsequently exhibited in
the market place. The gun actually made, and put into
public exhibition could not contain its structure; it is respectfully
submitted that even such a publication of little means
to result, and at an inordinate cost patent subsequently
stated because the publication did not convey information
to the point that could enable any person to make
use of any invention. Such, I would quite grant deference
passionate to the sentiments of the jury of England.
But if in the proposed construction I am correct
in the question remains, what is the nature of the publication
to be in every case?
I know you all that has come within my
knowledge, as published in this country. See Machinery's Trades
Union p. 332. With the little liberty I have enough to
quote their documents with ease, and compare them even with
all the information the opposing claimants in every case has
on publication to every invention up to their date.
The Magazine article describes
1st. The fact that any invention is reduced
"to the use of but one wire" -- an circuit only.
2d. It leaves it will not be contended in
any quarter, that I am not the first inventor of this
invention of a magnetic telegraph in a single circuit. But
this only publishing the result, not the mode in which it is
produced. It furnishes no description of the mechanism
which employs, and which successfully enables me, to do
business with all men except one. It would not suggest any
mode, or any mode, of accomplishing this, to any man. And
