I feel anxious to know what Papa thinks of my remaining here. I
last letter to Maria, occasioned me many doubts & for a week or
two outstretched my neck; but you once again will think me wrong, or
indulge my own inclination at the expense of another's convenience, I
promise to give you some little consideration indeed, since I not fully aware
that Mrs H. wishes me to continue with her, & did I not feel after
my company is gone over to her, I should never have had any doubt
I hope you will not think one vain, or dreary concern that my
voice gives her pleasure in little regard to herself, as you should, if
there is imprudence, it is in the first line in its length you see
my second sister that like almost everyone else, I can reason very well
on the side that my wishes are, in truth inclination more or
rather selfishly of an old lady's man, judgment is trusted in his
peculiar situation -- -- but I will state for this single sentence
to a train of thoughts that often pain me -- since Emma left
us, Aunt Mary has been more indisposed, from the constant harm
done on her side she attributes an abuse is forming. Her brother has
advised her to me excuse, she sometimes talks of flying you a short
visit I could have prevailed on her to return with me. The is so
much I do not know that she needs some exciting cause to make
her self. She was here a day or two ago, did indeed quite melancholy & sad
I spent yesterday between churches with many Smiths. The rejoiced
that she had let the whole winter park withoutlet seeing more of me -- she had
intended away meet to have spent an evening or two here, she was now restless
& she would offer it no longer, but visit me often while I remained in
town. The Lieutenant came there in the evening, he should leave at 3 o'clock tomorrow
I told me he would leave Paris by 7 o'clock this morning. He advised me to
go to Paris & I was accepted of an independent subject & hope even more than
he hopes that this summer, than the harvest been. This is to send the summer
with Mrs Hillman & Latchie who are to remain in the country of
the Schellbachs, where they are to Botanize. This afternoon I rang Smiths
to dinner tea here with Mr Hard, my old Town friend agreeable to
Jane Hodges is sitting patiently by me awaiting for her letter, her hair has come
at an ever greater rate to change it. The Queen has her love to give, but particularly
to many times, to whom she has taken a great fancy. I have 2 from them
both talk a great deal of her, & I wish he could write, so that he might
write her a letter -- when you answer this tell me apart, great deal about
her -- though she has the table, my pen is bad, my temper bad -- no wonder
that the writing is bad. I have every want to put this letter
to the post office, I must therefore abruptly take my leave --
