went company -- Our Bartoule the clergyman's son & his goodwin
were both coming to town in the boat. I therefore had a farewell to
this hospitable family. I on Tuesday morning went down to the boat, leave
Finland road down to the water with me, I omitted me to the cause of
our goodwin. Our sail would have been pleasant, if the weather had been
clear, but it was shaying I had not an opportunity to view those shores
which I have heard so much admired. Our companions were attentive but neither of them very amusing our sail however was not long I
by reached Highgate 5 hours after we left Richmelle. I heard a rainy day
I could not doubt any of my friends in Paris had desired Richmelle to let her have
the minute I arrived after dinner he went up told her, but she was not well
to venture this the rain, but sent me in the evening a sweet note -- Julia
Martin lives that a few doors from this, I went for her & she spent the whole
evening here. Iang is very attentive & fond of Jane. Julia a general invitation
here which pleased me very much. yesterday morning I went to their house
she seemed very well, I looked very handsome, the little girl was a pretty, as
I had no opportunity of displaying my improvement in the running way. At
ten 1100 I found your letter, one of the sweetest letters my dear sister
that you have ever written me. I beg of you always to imitate it & I
shall then be more impatient than ever to receive them. While I was
reading about Hylleton I involuntarily smiled as if it was belonging with him
& when I read about my sweet Marianne, my eyes filled with tears -- I have
never rejoiced at this little testimony of her affection. Tell her I have looked
in above 50 ships I cannot find a single small fan, I was as anxious
as you for her. The large common fans are the only ones to be had, as
there are no new imitations this spring, indeed all kinds of goods seem
to be scarce. I have got a silver thimble for her, the same lest I could
find a magnet that had it not at her examination, but I could not find
one at Birmingham.
I have been all this morning among the shops, I tried with all my
faith to get the best things for Hylleton -- Alcathoep are very cheap there is nothing
but cheapness -- I got 6 yards of damask at 31/2 the yard -- I must let you know
that I am not a great admirer of the figure of Mr. Robertsons, the only carpet I ever
see in town is a piece of carpet, but I cannot meet with a rug of
that kind -- I went to Satten & Robertson, the only carpet I ever see
is a piece of carpet, but I cannot meet with a rug of
that kind -- I went to Satten & Robertsons, the only carpet I ever see</
