Indeed I much fear that her health will be injured by her constant
& unmitigated application. He goes to his office before the rest of
the family are up. I doubt not a few minutes to dinner & does not
leave his office again until 8 o'clock. He is exceedingly bright, not late
in or one o'clock. He attains himself no time either for the pleasure
of society or reading. - Such a life ought to be rewarded with success, but
as yet he has met with nothing but disappointment. I see him only
for two or three hours of an evening. I have a good many friends to visit
I often wish to receive him even these few hours. I am to you my
dear sister, that I sometimes feel depressed, -- the more I know of him
the more necessary does his society become to my happiness, I never
sinee that the most perfect devotion to business, attends him from me
without answering the one proposed, I feel anxious & melancholy --
but I resist the state of mind, I seek in employment to occupy my
affections & anxious for the future. -- I am required to hear Manass
is coming to the City, but hope it will be, without considering the
reality of my return. Mrs H. Fortuney says it will not do, a that
I shall not leave her until April -- I am very anxious to hear from
her -- I am now in a tender & kind friend. I what
adds to my satisfaction is the knowledge of my being useful to others
My spirits are now better than I ever knew them, I do not
believe in what she is to defend, she would be a happy --
For any new Hodges affairs are much embarrassed, in consequence of
which they live in the most economical way, & to avoid expense Jane
is not sent to school. She is a very fine little girl, very generous of learning
& I have promised to teach as far as I am able Geographical, Grammar
Travelling &c. She is to come every morning & is to stay until evening
She are to commence on Monday, & the hopes of so material security
would be an additional inducement for my remaining.
Sister Sally lives very retired, & the whole family seem depressed &
her little ill health -- I go their other than desired to do as her blood
now has some one to live with her. Tell Maria I shall await the
days till she comes, & hope you will consent to many more evenings
with her. Our friends are all anxious to see her, & I shall not leave
her with open arms to their heart. Dear little girl, how proud I am of
her to carry her about & exhibit my sweet niece. She is my only &
happiest love, I make them wish for my return -- Aunt Harp just
came in & bid, tell you she is as good for nothing as ever, but
that a letter from you will be of great service -- I will answer the
letter I yesterday received from Maria, in the course of a few days,
my most affectionate remembrance to father. Tell him I had hoped
before now to have a letter from him -- Remember my dearest
sister do you & Maria both write very soon to me -- if you did
not know what heart felt pleasure your letters give me, you would
make them more frequent --
