I am many he secured from the storm and weathered, in the bosom of the
tree. — There one moment, in every one's life, when even the gayest
and happiest, realizes its uncertainty, the character of its causes & insecurities
& the shortness of its duration — forever checks reflections of this
kind, and thus not only justifies the value of life, but liberates the importance
of it. I have at present, like these, I think, in the connection of this
with future existence, an almost complete conviction which changes this
earn & treatment here, into the period of existence which is to determine on
destiny. — I am now in a moralizing mood, it is
my thought it is to last this the whole of it, would have made the
more productive of permanent happiness than my present example
— their authorisation.
I have thought of you during these holidays, I supposed to
many months praying for relief on Christmas day, it was however
only the thought of the moment alone that could not easily
be put in execution — in that of my limited power of my present
love with brother and sister, a frank letter with love & millions
have called several times on Lady Bristow, I send the whole
family as a preface to friendly relations. They complain of your
silence, but always too me send you their best wishes. — It is
not often I go out to tea, but one of my first afternoons must relate to Lady Bristow. I visit with great pleasure at Aunt Harpster's
this my brother's house died before — she is all kindness & attention to me, I cannot express myself to say me for what is worth
& since with her on Christmas day in the afternoon her family sent
us dinner spent almost the whole evening there. — The children
could talk of nothing but my tea party, which on account of
the weather was deferred until yesterday — The party was one
which our Lodge gave to the children of the family, & when they
were all collected, Sally I believe included they made a company
of 13. I had thrown aside either powder or cats. With his
comedy watch in a trunk each turn could scarcely be distinguished
from the rest, he had all learned pieces of poetry, which
we spoke before tea. Walton spoke better than any of the rest,
in addition to his rusticity, you would have suspected by
his ease & grace, every one called him a fine little manly
feather fellow, & this the whole evening he behaved extremely
well. About tea time his Smith came in, & as we had all
changed different names, I introduced him to my company as
Snake Patterson. Sally Bayard was Miss Patterson, & in imitation
of her, many extremely well. Little Ann Lodge was Mary Ann Lodge
about "New" with the little long legs — when the tea table was
removed we rose to dance, & my Lodge & his Smith joined
on the dance, & we all sang as well as one could. The music
of dance, was soon exchanged for one in which all united
joy, in which company, took place of regularity. — I never saw
her like this I appear to greater advantage, & if I have convinced
me that nothing gives such pleasure to the consideration of another
that Lady Bristow. The satisfaction of party of my little companions
was insured thro' my heart, to me it was one of the most charming
joyous memories I ever spent, at least I never before experienced
such a combination — If my family had been here, how would
the have been delighted? — Whenever I go to Aunt Harpster or Miss Bristow
the children always get me in their circle a well done I never made
quite a child of me. I intended an account of this party which
have been the subjects of my next letter to Harpster but somehow or other
