domestic operation, I may add to this, the power of accommodating
my own manners to these varieties. Without such accommodation,
no two individuals could live happily together. Their faults &
imperfections incidental to human nature, require mutual forbearance
& indulgence. Besides this intimacy with persons of different
& contrary opinions serves to convince us that there are good men
of every mode of thinking, & destroys that contracted spirit, which
in the parent goes much in making a renegade. When I am tempted
to complain of the want of regularity in my way of living,
I recollect the many advantages which attend it & turn my
complaining into thanksgivings -- And I am not thus the case
my dear sister with almost every situation in life, it evades, and
is balanced by its advantages. Our habits & pleasures may vary
as to their nature, but I believe seldom in their degree.
Among the circumstances that have made this water, there is one, which
only wants to kindly influence of time to retain into friendship.
I never never happier without my being thus honoured. The forgetfulness
that I is but two months since first saw me, & leaves me with
tender confidence of a friend. Friendskett is a plant, which requires
no fixed period of time, to arrive at maturity, but its growth is
prolonged to the climate in which it is planted. The warm
temperature of affectionate hearts accelerates its increase, & makes
it with rapidity. While in the region of a cold reserved disposition
it requires much time & much culture. Her good
sense, information & variety, renders her a most agreeable companion,
while her tenderness & sensibility renders her an interesting friend
The manners themselves of her appearance altogether enriching
her. How ever diverse her first manners, for now they are quite
unchanged -- I feel too anxious about India to leave her, on
Schmidt spent some days with Mrs Pe, after her two hands returned -- I
am very soon to comply with this request, as she will stand in need
of the assistance of affection & in this city, she possesses no friends
whom I can rely on in all other matters.
I am not the children want clothes: When you went before
a piece of hawthorn calico was not to be found, but now
there is great variety. I send you a pattern of some I have
harvested for a gown & which makes up beautifully -- The
travellers, do not wear well, & as there are hundreds of more
beautiful patterns & nearly the same price, I suggest you
would be best pleased with one. I am looking for a land
or stone colored number in jean or plaid piquant for a riding
trapp, something of the same kind would be pretty for my girl
let me know if there is any thing which I cannot get for you, the
spring goods are every day arriving & will afford a good choice
Inattention in Francis letter, I wish to send you something
if you intend to superintend the education of your child as
should otherwise few words could be so interesting. I am
very sorry would write another letter, as I want to see this
improvement & to hear how you is pleased with the paper
"In agapine" -- Good morning my dear sister -- Hope the dear
children for me to teach them to remember that is a friend
who most tenderly loves them --
