46
also a copy of the song I dedicated to Bertie, and me
others, the "Skullie over the Cathedral Door".
I met Rundolfe at the door, and they came down the
stair to the door to meet me, and seemed very
pleased to see me, we walked into chairs together and
I satned in the library Mr. Balling and Mr. Bertie
Balling who said they came for lunch, but leaving
that I was to drink their, they decided to drink
over to dinner to see me. he had a very pleasant
character, and afterwards admiral Grayson and a
Mr. Fitzwilliam Woodrow called.
They all stayed until nearly 11 P.M. afterwards
Edith asked me to drink with her and her Harriett
to Frederick, Ald. Lowrance to hear John Davis
talk, and I said I would.
She told me of her political liaison with Norman
Davis; she said she told him John Davis was
at last snared out and had to speak about
the 2. of Valence; that Norman & told her John
Davis was generally & absolutely for the League
and that she said, "lady, then did he so explicitly
accept the Dem. Platoon & agree that nothing should
be done about the League until an expression of
47
the will of the people was obtained"; that
Norman &. said he really had forgotten about
this. He said she said their an appointing moment but really meant it.
She then said that she thought often came to
her, as to me, did our Party deserve to win,
after its rejection of the League and Lincoln
ideas, but that she hoped Davis would
win, and would do all she could to help
him, and that if called on for an interview
or expression of opinion, she would surely
consult neither me, Albert Nellying, or the
fully realized she could say nothing whereas
could be continued as in any way assisting
the action of the convention as to the League.
She said that the campaign manager for Davis
would to get hold of the Advo in time assured
to certain him as to what to say, and they
arranged to take him off at Inarantide; that
at first they thought they would all meet
him, but finally agreed this would be
unwise, and in only some of them deal with;
that, unfortunately he left an interview
with the Wharton in the club leaving,
in which he praised the League but again
favor'd the Republican; that, finally, he
told them he radically disapproved with
