100
Dr Woolley and Mr Newman lunched with me at the
Cosmos Club; Mr Bannister as my guest.
Woolley said he was confident that the word that
could be spoken to Davis would be to throw the
election into the H.R.
He said the scandal Undermyer was tempting at
was an alleged embezzlement of $250,000 to the
Dynamite Nobel lot of work, coming through the
bank of Chicago; that he was not satisfied with
the proof of the connection with the Mba of
Chicago, and advised Undermyer not to make
the charge unless he could prove it; he said
Undermyer said Mellon, the spy, was at the
bottom of it all.
He also said Presdt Lowell of Howard had finally
named to come out for Davis.
After lunch he came down alone to my room
and stayed 10 minutes.
He then said he had been trying to induce him
to write a letter to Davis revealing how
I agreed if she had not already done it in her
telegram after his nomination, or he tried to deceive
and in ever subscribe to the Cambaige? He said
yes, she had done silently and that he
thought a letter would be very helpful; that
101
I find she seemed willing to write a letter trusting
done by her related references to the K. of K.
and that he had sent her a draft written by
Stephen Bannister, which, he admitted, did not
mention the League; that in fact he telegraphed
her and she said that, in view of Davis's
interview in the Wash. Star, Oct 20, she felt
a letter on the League would not be talkable
and had decided to drop the matter.
I told him this interview was given out by
the Nat. Rev. Com. He did not seem to know
just what this interview was. He said it
was not given out by the Com. and must
have been given out by Davis himself using
the name of the Com.
I said, evidently, himself had been brought in
to Davis to drop the League and he said he
never this had been true on some time
past.
I said that after that interview, a letter from
her to anybody else trusting Davis in the
League would probably embarrass him more
than help him.
I added that I thought he would do it
and would more than anyone could have
