70
with affectionate birthday greetings, born 1844 and
H. H. Oct 15. 1924.
"to be observed by Edith Bolling Wilson, the beloved
wife, the cherished companion, and able helpmate,
when the Peace of the World has finally been
assured through the League of Nations, - silent
to the World by the talent of American
Presidents and for which she laid down his
life, - Woodrow Wilson."
At 3 P.M. I called on Wilmer Bolling at the emergency
hospital and found him in bed; he said he thought
the Sun would decide to operate very soon but that
because of business reasons, he should prefer to
have it put off a month.
At 6:30 I took a cab and drove to 2340 St St Wells
but overland tea and the Madeira, leaving them
when I arrived in Randolph's room, I found Collett
in the library and talked with him about the
interview with Sen. Pittman, and still Brougham
editor, she said she would send him a letter
exactly as my draft was drawn.
We talked over the inscription for the canal and
she said she would have it marked just as
71
[It was finally marked: - Woodrow Wilson.
U.S. Navy Dept.
Aug 30. 1924.]
I suggested, Woodrow Wilson
should be
sent to Ed. Aug 30. 1924.
she said she had not heard a word from
Mr. McAdoo, although adm. Grayson had
seen him and said everything was going well;
that she did not think she would try to
go over to see him.
In his course in the League at the convention
have been a terrible sleep to her, and I do
not wonder.
I told her I had written Mr. McAdoo and offered
to go over to see him, as in spite of our
difference as to the League, I still had
regard for him in a certain way, but I felt
he would not want to see me.
She said she should think he would want
to see me above all things and that it
was very good in me to offer to go over,
which offers she thoroughly appreciated.
Before leaving Ed. Bertie sent me Collett's letters
to Hill and I found one dated July 5 - which
she wrote of "that hot, noisy garden (
Madison Square) where all the courage
and munificence of the Democratic Party
seem to have been murdered".
