opinion, that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy, in their recent
statement, did not receive myself, as ordered by application,
and had their sentiments for the matter (as I suppose) been
expressed in terms of hostility to America, not without
prejudice to myself, would have been given away to their declared
opinion, but their aim appeared to be to secure the consent
of the United States to an arrangement which would
permit the United States to retain possession of the Philippines
and to prevent the United States from being involved in
the war in which they were engaged. I am aware that
the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet
reported, but I am confident that they will report
that the United States will not be involved in the war
and that the United States will retain possession of the
Philippines. I am aware that the Commissioners of
Foreign Diplomacy have not yet reported, but I am confident
that they will report that the United States will not be involved
in the war and that the United States will retain possession
of the Philippines.
I am aware that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet reported, but I am confident that they will report that the United States will not be involved in the war and that the United States will retain possession of the Philippines.
I am aware that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet reported, but I am confident that they will
report that the United States will not be involved in the war and that the United States will retain possession of the Philippines.
I am aware, sir, that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet reported, but I am confident that they will report that the United States will not be involved in the
war and that the United States will retain possession of the Philippines.
I am aware, sir, that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy
have not yet reported, but I am confident that they will report that the United States will not be involved in the war and that the United States will retain possession
of the Philippines.
I am aware, sir, that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet reported, but I am confident
that they will report that the United States will not be involved in the war and that the United States will retain possession of the Philippines.
It is not necessary to repeat the arguments which I have already
made in support of my views. It is not necessary to repeat the arguments which I have already made in support of my views. It is not necessary to repeat the arguments which I have already made in support of my views. It is not necessary to repeat
the arguments which I have already made in support of my views. It is not necessary to repeat the arguments which I have already made in support of my views. I am aware that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet reported, but I am confident that they will report that the United States will not be involved
in the war and that the United States will retain possession of the Philippines.
I am aware, sir, that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomatic have not yet reported, but I am confident that they will report that the United States will not be involved in the war and that the United States will retain
possession of the Philippines.
I am aware, sir, that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet reported, but I am
confident that they will report that the United States will not be involved in the war and that the United States will retain possession of the Philippines.
I am aware, sir, that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet reported, but I am confident that they will report that the United States
will not be involved in the war and that the United States will retain possession of the Philippines.
I am aware, sir, that the commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet reported, but I am confident that they will report that the United States will not be involved in the war and that
the United States will retain possession of the Philippines.
I am aware, sir, that the Commissioners of Foreign Diplomacy have not yet
reported, but I am confident that they will report that the United States will not be involved in the war and that the United States will retain possession of the Philippines.
