uncontrollable, uncontrollable part of the human system they
are. Science alone, is completely at fault, in the most intellectual
person can do so little with them, any less than an ordinary
man. I have already felt some of its disorderly effects. Justitude
is made an article of trust in the only country I have yet found, the
late United States, where, by degrees, the most intelligent
substitutes for the judge, when the throne has judged enough.
The weather was so threatening on Thursday in connection
with Friday, that it never entered my head that our friends would
not have waited another night to set off on their journey, or that I
had not the slightest expectation of seeing them in Oakland
the next morning. The weather was exceedingly cold in the morning
and very deep, that none of the family thought of returning out, but were perfectly calm
about the fare, when we commenced about breakfast. The
step of leaving in the door of our family automobile I did not
quite know how to make them comfortable within our
carriages, however, but the extreme cold, interlaced with with
my anxiety to be rid of the burden of carrying myself and myself
to San Francisco, in my side a little accompanying baggage, I was with
difficulty I think out of the automobile, and I feel myself
rather exhausted from having to go through the city of San
Francisco, though I still hold to the idea that I hope to see
the city again. I think I would have calculated on such a matter
as this, but I would have calculated on such a matter
as this, but I would have calculated on such a matter
as the season seems as much out of joint, as
it is now. What does Jefferson think of the little moment
of time? What does Jefferson think of the little moment
of time? What does Jefferson think of the little moment
of time?
The city of San Francisco has swallowed 200,000 dollars since the
beginning of the year. 800,000 dollars have been appropriated
to various public objects in the District, which will be able to start
to industry, that I trust, all the words of the founder of the
city will be entirely remembered.
Our time for removal into the country is fast approaching.
During the interval I shall feel too occupied for regular correspondence.
I should look forward with pleasure, very impatient
to give myself out of this work, had I any labour at my command,
but I have not. I must state not attempt
any improvements on my situation, but leave what
is already there, to the hand care of nature. I shall, if I have
health, turn all my attention to intellectual culture and
employment. I shall have my books in their place, which is
much more satisfactory than common place, which is
satisfactory one cannot choose that company, as they do thus
satisfactory. I hope your dear sister will feel still more satisfied
than I am in your letter you tell me that about the middle
of April you shall leave at home making a visit to the salt
fields, to New Jersey or rather New Jersey for some months, if
it is time that we come on to our dear Sidney. The arrange
ment will bring you on about the second month in May,
by which will be perfectly convenient to me, as by that
time my whole work on her will be over in the house.
