family in a large social circle I cannot command my time
or my thoughts to any useful purpose. I light upon light reading
a light conversation, in becoming an stale, or it is unprofitable
or for reflection the painful hours of night afford ample
occupation, & at a time I feel most desirous with myself with no
other improving the happy moments. But in spite of our best
regulations, circumstances govern us. Our own ignorance
circumstances. I spend a day or so every into execution the plan
I have before me incidents and which I have no control
turn me from my purpose -- I am cannot live to ourselves, but
while working on the stream of life, one either carried on
by the current or impelled by others, our own will, having little to
do in the affair. The fortune you draw of your personal
quiet life -- your regular need of your comfortable, habitable
place, recovers me almost, to your enforced confinement to
the house & family, which I could cheerfully submit to, he
cause which produced such an effect -- but, that entitled me
to receive quite, without paying any. I cannot know what it
is to go out from a home of young out I would for others
remain as stationary in my career as my own character.
But such is the temperament of human nature, that it is
very probable that more & like you myself confined to one society
the choice of young abroad would be trying a nature
I should like to have been one of your dining party,
or either of the occasions you mention I would to participate
in organization in your national pleasures -- You indeed
indeed I do not want to see you in your new situation --
on the midst of all your comforts & advantages -- It would do my
heart good to see you in the midst of these engagements
but I cannot be. The hardships on which you are crowded is
much, was only a polite negative, I need almost that
part of your letter in which you so tenderly, so cordially
so pathetically favored me to find your summer -- his single
hours alone was ended -- he most absolute silence followed -- between
our silence goes effect -- it is said; but between husbands to
which it must be carried into effect. -- An hour before
circumstances I not our own wills govern action -- The part
of windom is therefore to endeavour to conform our actions to
this necessity. The hard goings of necessity or human calamity
which is earth, it patiently born, but which is severe
& galling, when struggled against -- My great effort is in all
the affair of life, to meet them not only with
patience but cheerfulness which may be done by two considerations, one
that the time is short, as the apostle says, in the other a most refreshing
consideration that it is the will of God to easily fashion them
not for this belief -- rather this feeling, of a divine providence, how
hard would it be to struggle with the principle to which that
is due to, with a deep felt conviction of an overwhelming providence
we can, cheerfully submit to the difficulties of individuality
of which this life is in no fault -- I agree with the prophet that
have every one of you, I think, come in the form of little
fragments, broken, torn, what a particular portion of disappointment
with such strong affection, as I have experienced, it
seems to me you have already had more than some people
whence your temper may be judged. It is only said, perhaps, falsely
character that give you no aid in them, they are like things
that cannot be imagined -- cannot be calculated. In your little circumstances
you are capable of gentle management with human beings --
good and useful conduct in human beings -- I am
sure that with such diligence, I have found myself
in the midst of myself -- I am much more myself, I believe
on an individuality that is always an interesting subject. I have
left every one of them, more than myself, more than myself
with them -- for me in the midst of them I have found myself
more comfortable -- William on the other has been very good. The times
are not given me to reflect upon, I can better tolerate them, they
are unfortunate. If I get into homes, I have obtained myself
permission to have him out to get another recommendation in his place.
But I have had company, every day, for six days, until the incident
of myself, this week, and one evening I asked him a man who
brought me a letter from Maine -- but he had no money, and a
pretty (the week before) that I only asked to give him money to buy
to a small cup of tea, that is a very pleasant woman -- He interested
me much -- this woman seemed to me to be a woman of religion, that she
was a woman in that channel, having object, or pleasure, in her place.
During the week -- I have been with her husband -- after my
husband's death, I have found myself with her husband -- after my
husband's death, I have found myself with her husband -- after my
