of the spirit of the year -- but to those who prefer
staying at home it is pleasantest to see from our windows
the beauties of nature. These are not present
trees & better suited for brush houses -- but come out
with me -- how thankful do I feel when I can quote
this sentence. During the first ten days of April
you & I will be employed much alike in bringing
your papers. I will find time to write to you, not
with standing the outside you will be in a position
to understand my sentiments. I am
Yours truly
Brannenck
W. J.
me of the first of my earliest hours in my dear
Sidney's room, which he devoted to you -- I know Maria
for her letter, will apply all the deference of this
chain heard once from Minister Samuel, since he
left us -- the daughters now live here -- and we
should not have they able to leave their
in such a precarious state of health. I presume
Johns returner renders it absolutely necessary, otherwise
the ladies would stay as long as he originally designed --
your dear Julia -- my paper is filled & I must say I have
not written to you since I left home. I am
Yours truly
Brannenck
Brannenck
W. J.
March 25 - 1855
Yesterday I came home in a great hurry
to get a mouthful of dinner & to finish a flower
of fate, to return a quickly as possible to my sale
where Mrs Smith handed me your dear letter. I have
only read it hastily over -- but attentive enough
to remember among the numerous gentlemen I meet
to inquire for an opportunity to send you for clothing
of the housewife rose which Mary Ann Archer
(fortunately I have met with one -- just learned) the
brother of our neighbour goes to Denver & has kindly
and taken to carry a little parcel for me. He
will leave it at the steam boat tavern, where you
will please send it for me. If it is possible, I
will leave it at your door. After being all day
at the sale, Anna & I passed the evening with the
Mr Elgers, her husband & some other friends, at Mrs Larned's
and a father remained at the sale, until 11 o'clock
at night. In thought against my own judgment, I
yielded to the wishes of the majority, to continue
the sale through the evening. By way of refreshment
I purchased a room in the avenue -- I think the
public situation with from beneficial, judging
by the crowds that came -- many however from
more curiosity to see what had corporalized so
many ladies in one shape & in the evening after
the tea it was lighted up there was an absolute
throng, not to any men, about the door. But our Pastor
& three or four of the clerks stood dancing the evening
to protect our ladies -- If we took in a 100 dollars
we shall be quite proud & it will make at 500
dollars for the year.
