you should have seen us, how comfortable we looked in
our indistinct. Virginia & Anna, doing their canvas work in
frames; Ann & S. doing mine on our hands, each with
a little table before us, covered with wares-ticks of every shade
& colour. Mrs. Barrel & Julia working needle - all united
round a blazing fire - while without doors was old &
leaving. The bell rings - it is New Clay, who feeling at
home, sat down among us without interrupting us - The bell
rings - some ladies you do not know, - who put up a little
out, but they did not stay long - some shade of colour
was wanting - the shop was distant, but the difficulty was
surmounted by Mrs. Clay, telling the girls to take her carriage
as the would not wait - as the they returned - Virginia &
Anna, ran up stairs for bare necks & cloaks & just as they
got down, Mrs. Barryan entered, bringing into him a
very handsome young man, whom he introduced, but
funding the girls on the wing, he handed them into the
carrage, jumped in with them, & left the handsome
stranger find his way on foot - (a love-tender partner
of Virginia's, as we afterwards found) Mrs. Clay took up one
of the girls' waist & our needles were resumed - when
the bell again rings, & Mrs Calhoun comes in - It seemed
so quite like old times to have him & Mrs Clay together
opposite us - they have long been, not only by distance, but still
more by politics - I dare say he sat near an hour & we had
a talk of old times, as well as present times, but said
not a word of the future - whose collisions of interest may
again separate two once friends. After he went, Catherine
Smith came in, to show us a screen she had just finished
the canvas was worked out while we sat & the threads after
words drew out - which has a beautiful effect - It was the
finest specimen of the world's work & I have seen & our
redactions of admirations were not stopped - This work is
becoming quite a mania here - even friends not meet
but I cannot wait after a pullman - or countatches a train
attended the girls with my fine bunch of flowers done
at fresco. I composed the flowers as I proceeded - one after the
other, filling them in on route. - I am an almost helpless
critic when their work is worth inventing - Virginia, Anna & Anna
are all working alterations for Mrs Clay & I am Irving has largely finished
the bowl, they are present quantities of work, & I am made
for a me are thus helping her to use them. She does the
filing up - the girls only do the flowers, for which they have
gone to seats for some peculiar colour. But when once in the
carrage I imagine Mrs C. was perfectly fixed with us, they
told the opportunity to make some other calls & it was
almost three o'clock when they came back, so I could not
but ask my cousin Barryan, to stay to dinner & soon after Barryard
came in & brought George Brougham, on the other door, to dinner
too - Uncle, & myself - one more old friends & relations, it
was only adding 2 more plates & another loaf of tea table.
Mr Barryan, in twitted to Virginia - he has expert ear & tongue
for no one else - whether it is love - or situation & however not
for an Virginian in quite 400, heavy men distinguished them
others by being in her train & self-love is often
the cause of the devoted admiration they suffer for
great bodies. But Virginia, is worthy of admiration for
herself alone - she really looks beautifully. The latter part
of last evening she went to a party at Mrs Webster's - Anna
& I sat up until after 11 for her & when she came home
her father, her almost idolizing father, with her looked not
only lovely, but splendid, & so splendid were her eyes & so radiant
her countenance & so brilliant her complexion - I cannot else have
been greatly admired - for her Southern, looked so plain & so distinctly
unable. The Diary of this day, will give you some idea
of most of our days, though it is seldom our masters are as
interesting as agreeable - too generally they are common place
& indifferent, & I would prefer being alone with my family
2 hours, by for parties - I could not stand them - I went to
two - but love my own fine ride two much to go to any
more. Anna, is almost an even. She has been likewise only
to her or three this month - Attempt we have invitations to
meet, if not all that were given - Julia, is the only individual
in the family, that really likes to go out - Ann, is
