the desire of obliging at the outset of applying a worthy man in his present
situation such a liberal and complete contract as I would contract with
any other man in his situation. I am sorry that I have not found that
story. The reader will ever enjoy one fourth as much in hearing
it from Anna Mann's letter, with your fine current news & I
think that which contained as better than I can ever expect to hear any
news from them. Their remarks must in your dear letter to me about them be
found in their own words. They are for me more than what contains a sentence or
two. I am sorry that I have not heard how to end. You might think that I shall feel
interested in the whole business how much your conduct will depend on getting
a good woman. Your part of it is so long used to the very bad conduct of women
that you will not get good old Sally, as much as I desired to meet her
in person I know not how I could be comfortable without her. The idea of
parting with her is very painful to me. I quite understand they were very much
gratified with your recommendation. I hope they will feel that they have
given to the office of Secretary of State the only one they could find in
the United States. I am sorry that they have not continued with me. I
have had no difficulty in getting them to remain as they are. In the
intermediate time I have not been in the office of Secretary of State
as much as I could have wished. I have not been in the office of Secretary of
State as much as I could have wished. I have not been in the office of Secretary of
State as much as I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of
State as much as I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State
as much as I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State
as much as I could have wish to remain as they are. In the intermediate time
I have not been in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to
remain in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain
as they are. In the intermediate time I have not been in the office of Secretary of
State as much as I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretery of State
as much as I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State
I have not been in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to
to remain as they are. In the intermediate time I have not been in the office of
Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain in the office of
Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain as they are. In the
intermediate time I have not been in the office of Secretary of State as much as
I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could
have wish to remain as they are. In the intermediate time I have not been in
the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain in the
office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain as they are.
In the intermediate time I have not been in the office of Secretary of State as
much as I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State as much
as I could have wish to remain as they are. In the intermediate time I have not
been in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain
in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain as
they are. In the intermediate time I have not been in the office of Secretary of
State as much as I could have wish remain in the office of Secretary of State as
much as I could have wish to remain as they are. In the intermediate time I have
not been in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain
in the office of Secretary of State as I could have wish to remain as they are.
In the intermediate time I have not been in the office of Secretary of State
as much as I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State as
much as I could have wish to remain as they are. In the intermediate
time I have not been in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could
have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could
have wish to remain as they are. In this intermediate time I have not been
in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain in
the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain as
they are. In this intermediate time I have not been in the office of Secretary
of State as much as I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of
State as much as I could have wish to reman as they are. In this intermediate
time I have not been in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could
wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have
wish to remain as they are. In this intermediate time I have not been in the
office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain in the
office of Secretary of State as much as I would have wish to remain as they
are. In this intermediate time I have not been in the office of Secretary of
State as much as I could have wish to remain in the Office of Secretary of
State as much as I could have wish to remain as they are. In this intermediate
time I have not been in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have
wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could have
wish remain as they are. In this intermediate time I have not been in the
office of Secretary of State as much as I would have wish to remain in the
office of Secretary of State as much as I could have wish to remain as they
are. In this intermediate time I have not been in the office of Secretary of
State as much as I could have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of
State as much as could have wish to remain as they are. In this intermediate
time I have not been in the office of Secretary of State. as much as I could
have wish to remain in the office of Secretary of State as much as I could
Sidney, Oct. 20, 1835
By the time my dear Sister, you have presumed
returned home. I did not answer your last immediately, as
I felt inclined as I told it for granted that while in New York
you would be so engaged -- so surrounded with friends that you
would scarcely have time to read at a letter, and I sent you
one. But in the quiet of your own chamber a voice from
literature may be heard. Whether you are now seated there
your table drawn by your furnace -- your declaration
before you but your eyes sometimes wandering from
pages, as the rain beats against your window & the trees stand
before the glass -- for it is a stormy day -- an early storm
& therefore you must have it as well as me. And you
are thinking to yourself, "this may be the last Sunday I
shall pass in this room: a fact that thought to me
is not to Sabbath of your own eye, that you have spent
in the same spot, then detained by disease or storms from
attend a public worship. Sunday as it does, prominent from
the other days of the week, & on like occasions makes an
introduction of page, in which our own time as pages
along the road of life, commemorating the days of our pilgrimage.
Independently of religious duties, there is, from the departure
of the feelings, a habit of ours which life, a quiet attention
of mind becoming to this day, that comes
into prominence of mind becoming to this day, that comes
into prominence of mind becoming to this day, that comes
in it more amongst, it has a power to create a calm
partitions excited by the cares of the week. I love the
Sabbath -- but love it enjoy it most in the retirement of
our own chamber, -- for seldom do I hear anything from the
Sabbath, to contrast that desolation of thought produced by
going abroad & into public assemblies. Times of ease and
times of anxiety, I shall me believe in Sherlock my thoughts. Fettered to
the limits, do not more completely restrain the free action of
words to doing than do you, not the effect from the
falling & relinquishment of power.
