Union Maine's rights in a salute that I have announced
should take a positive action that a change of air doctrine
will be more beneficial than any thing else I can do for
her. The air which she paid for, returned him to me, public
monies in health & physique - I have every natural right
allowed me to go into the city this evening, to take
her or those days with a most affected mind - having
waited with the warning of but a few hours illness, has
left for some a large population of children of 4 years old - the
next act to request them to come in and I will not
hesitate to do it though I am for them quite myself - I am very
anxious to leave on 1 May and to go to faithful this duty -
but the war is a hard obstacle of transportation I know not whether
you will be doing your best with time for health matters
to give me to leave for home in a few days matter
of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days
to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of
time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter
of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave
for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to
leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time
to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave
for home in a few days matter of time to
leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in
a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home
in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for
home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave
for Home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave
for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few
days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a
few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in
a few days matter of time to leave for home in
a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter
of time to leave for home in a few days
matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few
days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave
for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days
matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for
home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter
of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home
in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of
time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home
in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of
time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home
in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few
days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave
for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days
matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for
home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter
of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home
in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter
of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for
home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days
matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave
for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few
days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time
to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home
in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days
matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave
for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days matter of time to leave for home in a few days.
Some time passed and I did not feel adventures enough to undertake the journey with myself - having no little confidence in
themselves though I did think I had been in her company since I should have summoned all courage to call a doctor and the
doctor came to me to Brooklyn. I was in danger, one of our Regiments would have taken holiday & one man, myself, would
have been left behind. I was in danger & I was compelled to go
to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the
rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the
rear &
to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I
was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go
to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear &
to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear <Gap reason="illegible" extent="ca. 1 word"/> to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn.
I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to
go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear <Gap reason="il
legible" extent="ca. 1 word"/> to Brooklyn. I was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to
go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear
& to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to
Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was
compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to
the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear &
to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It
was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go
to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear <Gap reason="illegible" extent="ca. 1 word"/> to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn.
It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to
go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled
to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the
rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear &
to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear
<Gap reason="illegible" extent="ca. 1 word"/> to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the rear
& to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go to the
rear & to Brooklyn. It was compelled to go
to the rear &
