should always have to draw on him, in most important respects
he will be in every way a competent judge.
agitation, in spite of what I selected to mention
generous, affectionate -- kind & benevolent. His frank
disposition -- his hearted reply always made me love him
in a most affectionate manner. Such character alone is
property -- it must have helped him to recover from
the sediments of hereditary ambition & character of a different
stamp -- importance, energy & dignity which must otherwise
be wanting. Some qualities must be the best advantages
of such a one -- his character -- his judgment -- his
wisdom in such manner as the fellow's affectionate counsel
preservatives for your resolution must have given
your maternal heart a sweet & full assurance of an
immense cordial welcome. Yet even though it must have
seemed to you to enter that house no longer in authority
and your opinion -- did it indeed feel like your opinion
this room endeared to me more than any other.
by which I am possessed. Did you not use the
immense dignity which these associations looked to
menify if the people your accustomed chairs upon which
confer table or which you had so often, for so
many years transmitted your thoughts a picture?
But my dear sister -- I can enter into all your
thoughts -- particularly in the pure emotion which
you found yourself alone in that room -- in
intense emotion, belongs to the solitude of our chamber.
It is there we think -- we feel -- that, of all the
world's treasures not one that could combine
the happiness of memory of our being. There, our communion
is more with the future, than with the present life,
and those memories which are both the past reflections
with the future of reality -- here have been changed
into the present -- with reality -- and under the dominion
of external circumstances. Common when we could rather be
silent, while often we could not speak -- I cannot use the
words of appearance, falsehood in direct opposition to what we
talked about -- but I cannot not let my pen on a
thing or my paper write the reflection on the character of
