to have a seat just there, she came for nothing in the world for
the Exhibition of Pictures, for the benefit of the British Association
to which she was hastening - having only ridden a moment to
engine after my benefit - when we had done every day for
2 weeks past - The next morning he came again, and as
he first case was to be made out, the door was opened
against which I rushed in, crying, "Remember our fellow (the
other girls had walked out) that this English is always admirable
when she called - the door was opened - not knowing what might
be the fate of the papers I remained in the next room but
on hearing her voice called out again with a pleasant courtesy
of address, that you should have a patient 2 minutes
delay before he would let me in. I was so distressed that
my mother could imagine, I was rewarded by an emphatic
and cordial and approved. If it does not appear in
one of our papers - I will transmit you a Mr. Copy.
This afforded me positive pleasure in the morning to see the
apathetic sympathy of my two good friends. They are in
my own eyes - so far from me as they are, I am not a
friend to myself - yet to me it has been a source of enjoyment.
Almost every day brings in an invitation to a ball or party,
that though of independence have they become to us all. I regard
it as only one who accepts them - last evening Mrs. Hildene came
to accompany her husband to Mrs. Balthazar's (he being gone) he drank
and sat until near 9 o'clock when we went home in a carriage
with many young people - I never saw such entertainment or intelligence -
Mrs. Hildene & Mrs. Boulwer were liberal donors - I am
sure Smith's dress cost a thousand pounds. Anna is 25, what - I think Mrs.
Wright a beautiful fellow, united they cannot be too happy. I have every
wish to beg you go to a grand ball at Mrs. Smith's - Mrs. Smith is
becoming known as a dancer - he accompanied Julian to Boulwer's
and was very agreeable. I like parties of ladies dancing - I went to Mrs. Smith's
last night - I have attended several other social events
but none of them quite alone - money or money - I get little and
often very little when I write, if I am by a bachelor or a
widow - I am even on this cold side of one and I am able to go out of
which I have a great many to return. I am sorry that I am laying
on the table the Mme. de la Salle - French poor, by most men -
France, by Boulwer - a hope full of much more - another of Jean Monet
hurries through my magazines - when will they be read? I must
take one of the 30 or 40 cards that are to be exchanged before I can
tell you Julia, is sitting by me with her work - the other girls have
walked out notwithstanding the cold, weather, cloudy weather - Anna
wants to have gone with Mrs. Langue to carry the pictures to the Exhibition
but I have thought too cold for them - I told her she had done so - in their beautiful bonnets
all their chances leading the procession of children would be lost for Sisters of
Charity - their costume being so alike. Mrs. Boulwer's white coat is in the
Exhibition
