the circumstances cannot be anything if such approaches are made to
me with an intention to influence or in advance. I cannot in any
way give my vulgar opinion as to how to influence them for
reasons which I have not already told you. I will only say that I am
sure that if they are not satisfied with the present arrangement
they will not be satisfied with any other arrangement. I am
sure that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement which
will give them any satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied
with any arrangement which will give them any satisfaction. I am
sure that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement which
will give them satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied
with any arrangement which will give them satisfaction. I am
sure that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement which
will give their satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied
with any arrangement which will give their satisfaction. I am
sure that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement which
will give satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied
with any arrangement which will give satisfaction. I am sure that
they will not be satisfied with any arrangement which will give
satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied with any
arrangement which will give satisfaction. I am sure that they
will not be satisfied with any arrangement which will give
satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied with any
arrangement which will give satisfaction. I am sure that they
will not be satisfied with any arrangement which gives satisfaction.
I am sure that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement
which gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied
with any arrangement which gives satisfaction. I am sure that
they will not be satisfied with any arrangement which gives
satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied with any
arrangement which gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will
not be satisfied with any arrangement which gives satisfaction.
I am sure that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement
which gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied
with any arrangement which gives satisfaction. I am sure that
they will not be satisfied with any arrangement gives satisfaction.
I am sure that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement
gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied with
any arrangement gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will
not be satisfied with any arrangement gives satisfaction. I am
sure that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement gives
satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied with any
arrangement gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be
satisfied with any arrangement gives satisfaction. I am sure
that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement gives
satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied with any
arrangement gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be
satisfied with any arrangement gives satisfaction. If they
will not be satisfied with any arrangement gives satisfaction.
I am sure that they will not be satisfied with any arrangement
gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied with
any arrangement gives satisfaction. I am sure that if they
will not be satisfied with any arrangement gives satisfaction.
I am sure that they will not beatisfied with any arrangement
gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will not be satisfied with
an arrangement gives satisfaction. I am sure that they will
not be satisfied with any arrangement gives satisfaction. I am
December 23d 1835 Monday
To my dear Sister your letter has found me
rested & home in safety, health & spirits Both
Anna Maria & myself feel surprisingly better for our most
delightful excursion Not one untoward incident occurred
to mar our enjoyment Even the elements seemed pro-
fusive & enabled us to travel with pleasure as well
as safety. But the circumstances which has made the
deeper & most gratifying impression on the kindness of
our friends this excited my expectations & excited the
most tender & grateful feelings At Germantown I expected
to be received & to feel as in a stranger It was the first time
I had ever been in Philadelphia family & had no regret to
look for more than felicities But 5 hours left
this charming relation with awakened sentiments of
admiration affection which I must with never be exhausted
& Anna has become well acquainted with these ladies
a with Theodore Brooks whom she likes very much
In Mrs Ashley's family I had an opportunity of
more social & familiar intercourse with our Smith connec-
tions than I ever before had With the Thirteenth
family we got quite intimate we liked them uncom-
monly well Mary & Anna Brick & Betty Summatt
were great part of the time in the house with us
Mrs Summatt I always liked but never so well as they
intimate intercourse I promise myself much satisfaction
in keeping up this intimacy as she & her sister is at Baltimore
My Ann Hodges affords to great advantage of the
head of Dr Harris family & we had a most pleasant party there
Dr Harris joined our little party three months ago
we did not expect to see him again for several years
Dr Harris was particularly pleased with us Dr S came several times
to Mrs Ashley's to see us I never before saw so much of him
Mrs Babbins as too is a new acquaintance in the family circle
she is a gentle mild intelligent woman
