behind it, entirely imaginary. — But my dear Anna per-
ceived & felt it too. I had promised myself after your
receiving from your father a letter — & kindly wish like those
in his spirit at Sidney. But when after considerable reluctance
you join in at last consider it come — it was not well meant
reluctance & your impatience to return was so obvious,
that I regretted for every gun to stay one day longer. You join
intended & determined not again to subject your family
to such an intercourse daily. The despatch of this was felt in
the country as it had been at your lodging, in the city
to charge this came over the spirit of our intercourse — from
what cause I know not — Anna & I felt at Anna says
she did not — So I suppose whatever caused the despatch of
the was clear of it — I never, did I feel a more comfortable
& sincere confidence to make any friend. Only a comfortable
man I did to make any friends — I have finished — that
was obvious, but how or otherwise, neither my heart, nor my
memory can explain — I intended the last morning to speak
with you to have expressed an explanation & not to have
reported with this still when our relations — But we were
intercepted — perhaps it was for the better. Our spirits are so
sweet now a day, that I cannot properly explain my emotions &
conceive calmly on an interesting subject, a sentiment, in what your
health could not have — I wrote you a long, long letter the
day after you went away — but I shall not send it — It was
cloud, above perhaps only from that natural misrepresentation
of human affairs a sentiment attached to our present
state of being. The calculations from earth, which form the
budgets of life can change not the nature of that humanity but
from fast away — that it is not so the same with the happiness
that has fallen on our true affection. In that hope I will
do most the subject —
Yesterday we went into the city to attend our
social. The ladies seemed in fine spirits & we had a larger
2 hand corner in display of articles than on any preceding
occasion — but no purchases — I am distressed
for the proceeds of our sales. about 38 dollars 2 of them same
we are indebted to Mary & James for 16 — for miscellaneous
materials, their words amounted to that same — I am no
longer here in such different aid, we shall not again, we shall
not make such a contribution to our funds, whatever may
be our inclination. We did not go into the city on
Sunday on the carriage was broken — but made out to
go to Shorter on Tuesday, the Deacons had to
go three times in 2 after all, Anna & Anna remained
with Mrs. Thelbison. The 2 Mrs. Boudreau, will bring them
out Saturday this morning 2 fish to day with us. I have
arranged the flower table, against they come, with the
bestest flowers I could collect, your idea is majestically appointed
with it — It is a most delicious day — I have placed
my wedding stand between the folding doors of the parlour to express
the cool air & pleasant views in abundance of me — I am writing until
they come. It is really a wonderful summer — one of the coolest
& most pleasant I —
Wednesday Our friends came yesterday & are passed
Wednesday a cheerful pleasant day — we talked till we had nothing
when lined up that, we played chess for the old ladies amusement
2 about two electricity for chess — for it grew so warm we exchanged
chests for cards, four pieces to complete a draw — the hot hour of
day — Mrs S. did not arrive out until 4 o'clock — which made
Anna late for the old lady — who would not be down 2 whom we
thought an exile we could.
After dinner Mrs. Mary Bouleware came & would take
no dinner to Anna's not arriving with them. The accordingly went
& I hope will enjoy herself in College-Hill, where her literary
delicacies in literature leave the able home in minute study on some
part of the campaign as the ladies. Julia was to last week
at Mrs. Tawson.— I, that our family comes almost daily.
My dear has been very ill — but is now better. I hope you have
been well in your home in Savannah. I am at present, & I
am able to enjoy it — I am finishing my letter before breaking
fast that 5 may send it in today — none of the family are yet
here. I shall not send my letter to you, as I shall not
hear about your journey. I am sure I will be able to write to you
from home. I am sure I will be able to write to you from home. I am sure I will be able to write to you from home. I am sure I will be able to write to you from home. I will be able to write to you from home. I will be able to write to you from home. I will be able to write to you from Home. I will be able to write to you from Home. I will be able to write to you from Home. I will be able to write to you From Home. I will be able to write to you From Home. I will be able to write to you From Home. I will be able to write to You From Home. I will be able to write to You From Home. I will be able to write to You From Home. I will be able to write To You From Home. I will be able to write To You From Home. I will be able to write To You From Home. I will be able to Write To You From Home. I will be able to Write To You From Home. I will be able to Write To You From Home. I will be able To Write To You From Home. I will be able To Write To You From Home. I will be able To Write To You From Home. I will be Able To Write To You From Home. I will be Able To Write To You From Home. I will be Able To Write To You From Home. I will Be Able To Write To You From Home. I will Be Able To Write To You From Home. I will Be Able To Write To You From Home. I Will Be Able To Write To You From Home. I Will Be Able To Write To You From Home. I Will Be Able To Write To You From Home. Will Be Able To Write To You From Home. Will Be Able To Write To You From Home. Will Be Able To Write To You From Home. Will be Able To Write To You From Home. Will be Able To Write To You From Home. Will be Able To Write To You From Home. Will be Able to Write To You From Home. Will be Able to Write To You From Home. Will be Able to Write To You From Home. Will be Able to Write to You From Home. Will be Able to Write to You From Home. Will be Able to Write to You From Home. Will be Able to Write to You from Home. Will be Able to Write to You from Home. Will be Able to Write to You from Home. Will be Able to Write to You from Home.
From Your affectionate Margaret.
