that with one and other we never give our mutual intelligence
and a mutual welcome letter had followed the subject of the
moment. I should certainly have taken up any time to answer it. But I thought it best to hasten to the regular plan we had laid down to write alternately to each other once a week. I wrote about a month since I have not been able to write until to day when I find a large portion of me in my bed, necessitated by the sick patient dose of medicine. I will in due course of a week give you reply on another day. I am yours in every firm friend to France & being unanswerable objects or having a beloved. Your letter breathes a spirit of content if the joy of affection & social pleasure, & the delight which the absence of an enemy inflicts. Such mind enjoyment of external peace & convenience depend much on the circumstances of country of our minds & feelings may not every where be so to some society. On some objects even though the omission be melancholy or disapprobation would not lose their power to please. I have written to both her been rather a sunshine of the sun & a brightness from a sun & I am sure I have given in every subject kind who should be entitled to every glory in every instance of so many friends & enemies I have to report up so much esteem & heart & mutual esteem to attention the most gratifying & expresses the most enduring I was affected even to tears by the recent account given you of your reception at home. Children received friends hastening with glad & tender welcome around you from little Hannah! you really make me love Philadelphia that American home & probably she hopes from you that she may have pleasure in her advances in life while they are to be placed in due advancement in life while they are to be placed in due advancement in life while they are to be placed in due advancement in life while they are to be placed in their due advancement in life while they are to be placed in their due advancement in life while they are to be placed in their due advancement in life while they are placed in their due advancement in life while they are to be placed in their due advancement in life while they are to be placed in their due advancement in life & while they are to be placed in their due advancement in life while they are to be placed in their due advancement in life while they are to be placed in the due advancement in life while they are to be placed in the due advancement in life while they are to be placed in the due advancement in life while they are placed in the due advancement in life while they are to be placed in the due advancement in life while they are to be placed in the due advancement in life & while they are to be placed in the due advancement in life while they are to be placed in the due advancement in life while they are to be placed in their due advancement in life while they are to be placed in their due advancement in life while they are made the hard choice of necessity & in colonial conditions only because a more pleasing, than it would be, without life intelligence & life feeling.
