Mr Smith consented to give the child to its grandmother, on condition of its being free at 26, -- but then hired Mary Ann to Mr
Edward Smith and pastor, where she is now happy. In her place
stood Rosetta -- a daughter of old Brooklyn, that for she is all things
good, as in Agnes a good looking young girl, who falls gladly. I have
found not yet new homes, unless I get a new coachman. -- I am
Smith consented to my having out William again this year. I expect
to have a most excellent servant of Mrs Elgin. -- I am domestic affairs go on most comfortably & apparently as long as they can
are almost every time. I am the girl at 5 years been every busy
with our needle -- I am really surprised at myself -- but still
together in the parlour -- harmoniously & entirely occupied with
in Social work, in our own. The present improved difficulties, we
feel make our efforts for the relief of our country -- to the new well
of foreign articles -- Mr Smith, and now your help, join hands of
Washington, which for the present is lost, which renders increased
opinion on our party usefulness. Our old enemies in Ohio at the same
time as they do not wish much -- but have had a good many months
our interest, our esteem, not an angle opinion without employ -- I think
our dear Mr Clay is gone, we cannot believe for three or more years he
indeed her only friends -- and it was for him to fault at parties, as though he
should never want of any one. He is in perfect health -- I have no idea of
more faithful friends in America -- most probably do not feel he is -- Virginia has
sent home passed a month or two with me -- but the political parties of the city, are musical
your letter ever welcome, was indeed so from
the hand of my dear daughter. This arrival & that
of the rest of the party was a most agreeable
surprise to me. Had I been able to make time
at comfortable home, I afforded time to more
of daily intercourse with the city. I the enjoyment
of the society I should have invited on the
whole party staying at Sidney -- But as this could
not be done I yielded to their representation
allowing them to do as they liked best. I am
glad however I have received two quiet days
from E. & P. -- as I really believe they made
no sacrifice of meditation by stopping into us instead
of going to Alexandria into Washington -- being stronger
to the relations she went to visit. I am glad of
the opportunity of hearing some account of all
our friends & relations & details too minute for
letters. I am Jane Harris from what I may of her
state of her health, cannot tell, long & I am most
thoroughly it must be a great comfort that in
two or three days, her heart & mind yielded to
the influence of religion.
I really feel almost as glad as if it was my
own concern that your house is surrounded with
a poppy tree, shrubbery & grass. I am very much
pleased with the manner in which the grounds
