entist in one arm, and fight in one hand.
Brang was the question and the danger he en-
countered for the sake of that soldiers cause in
which his whole life was devoted. To encourage
the most in thinking and a spirit the most daring,
he added a tenderness and delicacy of feeling,
almost feminine and a refinement of taste
which led him, amidst the engagements and
hardships of a camp, to cultivate the solitude
of space. The domestic scene in the field of battle,
was the tender sentimental companion of
valorous women: the ornament of the drawing-
room, & the favourite of the domestic circle.
Even in prisons the portraits of a simple & un-
pretentious lady were not neglected. At the Fort of
West Point, where his regiment was long beha-
voured by the British forces, we are still led to
a spot amidst the orchard of the Huischick's garden.
There on the high & dry banks of the Hudson,
he amused his leisure moments in authorizing
flowers. Nothing had supplied an art for their
growth, but with indefatigable toil & inexhaust-
ible patience he supplied the deficiencies of
nature. The spirit he had chosen, was incapable
of vehicles of any kind, and he carried the soil,
then himself, to herdsills, and deposited it in the
necks of the rocks.
Thus, morning and evening, leaving the cause
movement and the well pleasantries of the camp, he tended
his flowers, giving himself up to the satisfaction of
pleasure, would sit on some projecting rock and
watch the majestic steam that flowed at his feet,
or the clouds that floated on his head.
Who, that could then have looked on the
slight and tender youth, the pretty boy, for so
small a devotee even his fond & faithful, that
he seemed little more, -- who that looked on
him, hanging with delight over a bed of flowers,
would have recognized in him, the commander
of armies -- the Fear of his nation? -- How
brave is the union of gratitude & good will?
It was the blending of these qualities, that
made Washington as beloved as he was esteemed,
and beloved in their homes, expression of that
enthusiasm which glowed in his own. --
Yet, even if, then a young, thoughtful girl,
felt the power of that in theasion, which
inspired a nation of women, was elected from
hundreds in the Standard of this Potent Actor.
In days & weeks, have I sat with increasing
delight beside his court & listened to the
stories of his battles & their breath escapes of
his successive defects -- his triumph & his cap-
tivity -- one day a conqueror -- the next a prisoner.
Though more than thirty or years have since
passed, I can still see him, as I saw him then
