my legacies, as well as powerful money had
penalty provided.
"During the eighteen months I was confined at
St. Elizabeth's Prison for two years, successively in
the same space. The guard stationed in my apartment
was exchanged every hour. Complete new
men in charge took over during the term of my imprisonment. Know
for one moment and let alone."
Escape was impossible -- after a time this conviction,
brought into it some comparison, and I
could read with one eye the latter talent and
the source of much amusement, and in the creation of my pencil. I have a substitute for them
of nature's God, the flowers grow under my hand --
the landscape was lit with sunlight and painted
in nature and at times I felt on this I felt on this I felt on this I felt on this I felt on this I felt on this I felt on this I felt on this I felt on
similar, if not equal, to those which living flowers and real land scapes could give. Love sometimes too, I could recover the presence of
that I loved -- I would trace their features and draw eyes that seemed to look at me & lips that
seemed to speak.
Thus did I seek to depict the every morning of
my confinement. But even heavy the more weary
was each succeeding day and they were moments
when I felt such disgust to life, that I was tempted
to destroy it. I felt withering life -- I felt -- for against
hope -- I felt hope --
One day awakening from a sleep into which I
had fallen, on opening my eyes, I saw a stranger sitting on the foot of my couch earnestly regarding
me. I started up with Surprise a look of alarm,
for the stranger said to me, "be not alarmed -- I bring you
good tidings -- your inevitable evening is near -- Matthew
and this morning -- you are free!"
"You," I exclaimed, "impossible -- impossible," he answered. "I am Paul, & I give you, you are free."
After the first emotion of joy I expressed him as being
the Emperor of all men, and that he would do him honor to leave St. Elizabeth's
and to go to any country I should choose. He offered me any sum of money I should desire. I declined
accordingly as he was sufficient to defy any officer to send me from there to America.
When he found I would not take the heavy pack,
he earnestly pressed on me, he took from his
shoulders a book Van Gogh, he wrote, and turning
it over mine, "Write this for my sake," said the Emperor.
On leaving this country for Europe, Kassner, left
this book with his second friend Jefferson.
Stirling, August 1869.
(By M. Duncan Smith)
