of private circles & public journals, and when
handed on me that he was welcomed with
unbounded enthusiasm, and armed openly
with the scepter of the Union as one of their faithful
defenders.
When the evening in the little town in which
I lived and became an inmate in the house of
one of my relatives, I felt emotions that is impossible
to describe. My young imagination, embued
this spectacle of Liberty, as he was sometimes
called, in a form grand, imposing and venerable:
with a figure as commanding as that
of our own Washington, & a countenance for
more expressive. Many pages pictured him fast
with noble features, large penetrating eyes,
and an air of destiny and grandeur
when I was led up to his couch and saw a
dignitative and feeble old man, with a
polo face, turned up wide, little blue eyes to
him, light colored hair, I could not at first
believe that it really was the renowned
President, and for a time any enthusiasm
was entirely extinguished, for there was
nothing about him to counteract the effect
produced by his appearance, and I must own
I never accorded those feelings which had
so long inspired — Feelings excited by mortal
man. His manner & conversation were as little
imposing as his person and countenance. I continue
to believe that he was not deceived by the impression. I never
remembered anything he said or looked at that
impression, not even when he described
the conflicts in which he had been engaged,
could he realize that the people of the United
States, whose support he had won, were the sentiment of
his country. But a tendency to sentiment soon took the place of
this high thought in the scene, for when he
talked of his suffering, his broken cares and
anguish, his high hopes and his deep
despair, it was impossible to listen and not
to feel a deep interest & tender sympathy.
This mild countenance, soft voice & gentle manner,
was in harmony with such a state of mind.
In our little town, there were few who thought
of approaching the great man, and he was left
in comparative solitude at least to the part of
the American circle of our family.
I was a domestic girl, a young orphan
and much neglected — I have found a love
beside his couch, on which I may day
passed many hours. He loved to talk of
himself, and perhaps possessed no one
listened to him with so eager and un
divided attention as I did — who is there
