insensible to the pleasure of exerting strong
emotions, deep interest in tender sympathies
and some there are, and I think he was one
who felt peculiar pleasure, in awakening
these emotions, in the articles and unspirit-
icated mind of youth, where they were blen-
ded with strong curiosity and astonishment.
My fixed face, thoughtful eyes and gloomy face,
so clearly indicated the intent I had in his
conversations, that no doubt it had been into
details he would not otherwise have given.
I have forgotten few of these details and
could fill a volume, were I to write all I
remember; but at present will only refer
to the account he gave me of the manner in
which he became prisoner of the Zouckel
though the incidents connected with this
defect, and followed the battle in which
he was made prisoner and his feelings on
the occasion are so interesting, that I can
sincerely wish them that they are matters
of history.
"Exspectet," said he, "on my arrival at
Petersburg, to be thrown into a dungeon
locked with chains -- but as such thing --
bethimein though an embittered, was not
a cruel enemy. I had fought only for the
liberty of my country, and though she wished to
render that liberty, she respected its defender.
The confinement to which he confined me,
was rigorous in the extreme, but I am almost every
comfort, compatible with the security of my person
and the preservation of our interests, with poverty.
My apartment was large and commodious -- the
table well spread, and books and materials for
writing, drawing and painting amply supplied.
Until I for our moment have forgotten our prison
in Germany and in England country, I could have been
almost happy. -- But my country in chains and
struggling for freedom, was a thought now absent
from my mind and produced insubstantial and
impotence scarcely to be endured -- I became a
mother knowing the one is she child in agony,
forcibly withheld from union to its existence,
and you every then imagine my feelings. I
was times brought me a letterburgian and chain
to be gentle, I could have endured confinement
with his impotence than in any spacious
and lightsome apartment, which was the common
and breathed the air of liberty, which I
was in fact as much enchanter, as I looked
with fellow. I was not indeed satisfied with our
chains, but what was more intolerable -- with the
constant presence of men -- by men in whose open
pathes I might have worked had time been allowed
me. But this was a consequence, against which
