pale, emaciated, worn out. His almost people
from, reclined upon a couch, supported by pillows
with a little table drawn close beside him, on
which he leaned his elbow, supporting his head
on his hand -- that narrow bed around
which the more abundant of black cotton, in-
stead of the usual white, had been so neatly woven
that the indelible scar, which that fabric
covered, was the veil of plague.
The little table was covered with books, pens,
pencils, -- with letters from numerous friends, &
inhereditary wishes, from every campion section --
With what delight did I await myself of his
permission to examine any of these things, & how
hurried did he indulge my youthful curiosity
in reading them many of these effusions of
friendship, admiration and love -- Yes, love --
for I remember well, that one of the letters was
from a lady, who he had known, when a
volunteer in our army. It began thus: "By what
little skill I employ thee, or loving, tell me how
and how well you are treated! Should I call thee, the
defender of thy country? -- The war, it is too awful --
Hero of Liberty! it is too high. -- With what oh
that speaks of thee of another & far distant country,
what then shall I call thee, that will bring to
thy recollection the days of past years? I will
call the Keyeswhites -- Their names may need others --
but this is itself, the highest title. This, indelibly
engraved on my heart, will laughably show in the
pages of history, Welcome them back here, in home
to the country that annexed to the land that
adverses you."
Sucks, or nearly such, was the glowing words of
this important letter: they were so independent with
the English romance of my disposition, that they
made an ineffaceable impression on my memory.
Perhaps, -- may certainly, he ought not to have
shown this letter. But after all, Stars are but
men & have stars too many of the weaknesses of
our human nature, & I cannot deny that vanity
was one. I recollect her, since very beautiful when
sent him by his sister, the distinguished writer,
but they came not from the heart & therefore
did not reach me -- they were compliments
words in praise of the Heart and Dear -- Dear --
how different were my ideas of the person of
a Dear, from that of the writer.
From my childhood his name had been
promoted to my ear as the theme of his path-
ful achievements in defence of our country.
In the time of his return to our country, his fame
had preceded his actual arrival. His noble en-
trepreneur, his patient endurance, his invincible
courage, his unyielding firmness and indi-
vidual patriotism, were the early theme of
