that in March he took the opposite position when he asked that accept. regulations should authorise the Bank to reduce all checks based on sales for one or two cents to another. (See Section 2, 3)
Finally Warb. & C&S were opposed on grounds to draft when market regulations covered domestic bills of exchange.
P.M. I drafted such regulations & gave other members a copy: I included also bankers domestic
acceptances.
3.30 P.M. Warb. & Harding came in with a request against giving any other market houses any
domestic bills, which gave me a draft however fine. on purchase of trade acceptances all this
he said he would vote against it.
They both objected to including domestic bankers acceptances in same draft and I said I
would object item only.
Warb. said he should openly fight giving any
other market houses as to domestic bills to the
Bank -- he said nothing would not regulate bankers & should not be allowed to combine in Albany
but using the Revenue money found in by the
Bankers. He was very angry.
Harding, as usual, said that all this he had
joined w. Washington against such houses, he
was about to curtail.
I then made a 2nd draft of regulations for purchase of domestic bills and another for purchase of
domestic bankers acceptances and she wrote
a dissenting report.
63
6.30 P.M.
took a drink with Sec. Maddox -- he asked me what I
thought of his asking the President to come for discussions
against -- that he had lost all confidence in him --
that he was an ultra conservative and had only
sympathies for the business and none for their
customers; he added that he thought Delano also
was lending to ultra conservatism but that he
believed him absolutely honest and very obstinate.
I deplored any such action on to Miller -- I said
the trouble with him was that he had no
practical knowledge of affairs and -- distrusted
his own opinions and was inclined to accept those
of the bankers; that he did his work on the
Board with any other member and that much
of his opposition ostensibly was due to lack of
casual study which the other members gave to
all important questions. I could not deny his
vanity and earnest but thought it not a bad
policy to have one press interest on the Board.
I pointed out that Delano worked very hard,
that he was absolutely honest and had taken
advanced and very radical ground as to
cranking and telegrams.
Sec. H. was very bitter against Harding who, he said,
wanted to run w. the bank and control w. the
bonds on every subject.
I informed him on him the use of overwhelming william
as to Washington's interests -- I said the Board
should not plainly right and that such
an insult would injure Washington. I said I had
prepared a draft etc. he asked me to put
him. He said he thought the Board should
