10 what W. told him there was evident, a serious
amount of division on the Board. He said the amount W.
had of open market purchases not authorized by
the by regulation the Bd could be severely attacked
in Congress & the also would attack it. He said he
preferred to continue to harmonize with him,
and that he would be a strong movement in
Congress to disband the Board as a diversion of the
Board. He said he felt that the office of Comptroller
should be replaced in the Board that the trouble
was in the personality of Williams.
I told him of the example contained in the case
it was clearly the wishes of Congress that the
Board and the Commissioners should have control of all
reports. I gave him a copy of my analysis of
the law & brief.
He also said there was no possible doubt of
the right of the Commissioners to go into other matters
to secure revenue for expenses & debts.
Friday Oct 8.
At 1 minute before 11 this am Harding brought
me a letter to Mr. Res Agts on open market purchases
with, he said the majority of the Court (Court=
Williams & Harding) had voted to proceed
to the Board on line of open market regulations. I thought
it rather strange that I was not notified
of such meeting, which, yesterday I told
you I was engaged on an answer to their 2nd 71
Minute, attacking my Court.
The matter was called up by reading at the
full meeting the 4th & I very quickly stated
my dissatisfaction with the Court action.
W. S. H. there were no reports ever given officially
to Court -- they were merely exchanges of
views. I dismissed to their statement.
Finally the second letter was read, I
said that it undoubtedly gave the Board
citizen opinion of power but was really a
regulation in the form of a letter to Fed. Res Agts
and that I should vote against it.
I then gave copies of my minority report
to W. S. Harding.
Finally in Williams motion we returned whole
matter back to the Court to report at an
adjourned meeting and I gave Williams a
copy of my report.
I told the Members that Mr. Glass said
yesterday a letter would not be satisfactory;
Williams said Glass told him that he thought
it would be satisfactory & Harding said
Glass told him he recognized the danger
of a regulation at the present time &
I thought a letter was a good idea as it
could be turned into a regulation at
any time.
Harding made a characteristic speech
