1867, told.
Sam Delano and writes about Williams matter.
Williams said Circuit did not object to docketing
the matter but in exchange sued if I wished
to take it up he had no objection. Finally after
holding with Willis I wrote Delano a letter
based on this letter to Willis and on Elliotts letter
to me, showing that it was Elliotts in his
letter of Oct. 15 to me who requested and that
Board must obtain official ruling from the
Court of Praying before it did base upon the
matter.
I also told Delano in this letter that the matter
was docketed by Willis in his of my sending
Elliotts opinion of Oct 8 to him; that all this
dated Oct. 12, it was not sent until after the
meeting of Oct 15. The facts were that I
reviewed Elliotts opinion on day it was dated
Oct 8; that I probably (recollect not very
distinct) asked him to draft a letter to
Court of Praying in accordance with his
own suggestion could in his said letter: that
in afternoon of Oct 8, Friday, I went to
Willis, on Sunday: in Monday I went to
DuBois in his office in Louisville of our Union
Union to Indianapolis not returning to work
until Thursday, Oct 14; that on morning of
Friday Oct 15, Willis told me that the matter
had been docketed from the docket for the day;
that later in the morning Elliott came in and
explained that the matter should not go in
docket until Circuit's ruling was obtained;
that he had told this to Delano who quickly
agreed; and that Elliott told me, in his letter
to me written a few days ago, that I said
I would explain this to the Board; that I
went down to the meeting with Elliotts
opinion of Oct 8, 15 in my hand (this latter
that Elliott made to me really a day or
two ago).
My recollection is that after Willis had explained
why matter was docketed from docket (very
words show the explanation this) I told the
Board of his opinion and told him objection
of it (or rather of the carrier draft of
Dec 9, 1867) and said the matter should go to
Circuit. Our official ruling & that I would
so send it, to which there was no objection.
No formal vote was taken as the matter
had been docketed from the docket, and
my vote was merely informal.
The notice on my letter made by Circuit
showed he did not receive letter until
Oct 22. Elliott explained this to me by
saying Court was out of town the
