the passing over of Warburg; that Del. was absolutely
imbittered for the Senate any way; that he was
narrow, biased and a reactionary; he continued
he was honest but he was strict & honest;
that he had given him every opportunity to
be cordial & friendly but that he had
been cold & aloof; that he was more of an
undifferentiated being than a man etc.; that
Harding was better fitted than the others
to be magnified his limitations; that Miller
was absolutely out of the question on any
question.
He then asked my opinion; I said looking
solely to harmony Delano stood in disquieted
attitude & appreciated this cold indifference,
passing over of Warburg; he could not agree
to this. I said I felt sure Delano would resign
if dispossessed from Vice President and not made
President; he said he did not cast a stone who
he did or not; he had forced the issue
on the President & the President had yielded;
if now he resigns Vice President he did not make
himself here this question could be ridiculed.
I said I feared his resignation might
be even injurious to his usefulness;
he said No! if Warburg resigned it would
hurt us in the Senate at this time.
271
I asked if Warburg would accept the Vice Presidency; he said
yes, without any doubt.
I said if Harding & Warburg were dispossessed it
would embitter Delano and probably Warburg
as they would feel that Harding had doubled
crossed them & thus with probable doubtless
future combination between them. He agreed
to this.
He said he had still grave doubts about
Harding's loyalty to this system & asked if I
thought he could be loyal; I said I believed
he could be as he well considered himself
at an important factor in the Board
wh. could lead to more time work on
harmony.
He said he could have a later vote &
enthusiasm when time that the President
should remain his loyalty to the system
& in view of his fine work in changes
had determined to discontinue him.
He said the dispositions would be for 1 year
only wh. could give the President a hold
when the Senate.
He said he fully appreciated how
insincere the members were and
their reactionary feelings; that on almost
they had "stuck" at a critical time
& that very respectfully he & the President
