to my recollection, however, no such authority
was ever given to the Colt Cannon nor was the
matter ever officially or unofficially acted
upon by the Board, and Mr Harding was
acting freely in his individual capacity.
My only knowledge of this matter grew
from a talk w. the Compt. of arms. probably
a minute ago when he said, I think,
that Mr Brick of N.Y. was taking matters up
w. British lumber, who asked me to meet
Mr Richard & Harding at lunch but I declined
saying their interviews were purely personal
and not in any way official with the Board.
Mr Harding also said that the State Dept.
had asked him to confer unofficially
w. Sir Richard.
I forgot to mention that Mr Warburg died
in Bexars out. of Aug 25th 1914, describing the
profound French loan by American bankers
as violation of the spirit of neutrality,
(see 91 Sec. 6. p. 1) - as tending to show that
the same spirit of neutrality was violated
by Mr. Red like rediscounting was accomplished.
Mr Harding also told Board of an interview
w. Sec Maddox in wh. the latter expressed
feear that U.S. was in immediate danger
of a rupture w. Germany in connection with
45
the English Orders in Council. Harding gave me
the impression that some agreement might
be entered into w. Great Britain, in connection w.
the turnabout of cotton, which Germany could
regard as a direct breach of neutrality.
Perhaps, however, I misunderstand him.
Sent Mr. H. from account of meeting. Williams did
also sending me a copy
Aug. 16. Secy sends me professed letter to Harding,
Warburg & Britton. Sent his hand called
meeting at Sub Divis. after consultin w me.
I wired to show this out as I did not
remember any consultin w. me as to select-
ed by him which sub Divis. I would have
called meeting for them.
Proposed letter call Minute for publication.
Secy would
also would supporting holding back letter
until minutes of meeting obtained by
full Red word. Aug 18
Aug 17. Found today, at Union Club N.Y from Secy
Said he had not yet returned to me
before receiving my telegram. advised W.
& me to enter protest at meeting in the
Record.
Direct w. Mrs Strong & Harter at Hotel
N.Y.
Interview was particularly undefective a
