230
Washing asked him if he could not agree to this as
an emergency provision - when voted c. g. by 5
members.
He said No! that he had no confidence in the
Revenue Board as at present constituted and
that he thought it would be unsafe to
give them any such power.
The Members merely smiled at this pronouncement.
-whew!
Judge Meloy insisted permanent injunction in favor
of favor of Right Bums.
June 3. Saturday
Confessing w. Red Res Agents.
He talked over subjects on which the selection
of the steel act is involved, Dr. Miller gives
a long tedious transact, leaving present that
Board should take fight for itself and not
evacuate.
Delano got mad and said any man could
transit steel be able to to see the different
between things that are different; that it is
so far an ordering discounting from steel
clumsy by themselves, but as regards other
market operations, they still cooked it
231
compt. Williams said Bros. should not combine c.g.
to depress price of Rent bonds - 2 1/2-1- which
they wished to buy and increase price of 3%
(convertible) which they wish to sell.
Washing looks entirely quiet & he and I have
had an altercation.
June 3. Sat.
See Meadwo on Talamy over other matters casually
remarked that there was a devil of a commotion
as to relation of officer of Govt. here. Er of the Res
Board. He said he was seriously thinking of
assigning Prewitt to resignate me as Govt but
to designate Harding as Vice Govt. He asked me
what I thought. I said I thought Delano
would probably resign. This did not abhorne to
worry him but he said he did not on a
minute believe he would. He asked me
what I thought of the whole situation
and I said that, so far as I was concerned
I thought only of the Govt of the Board
and of the Prewitt thought it advisable
to desparate another officer present from
exhibid, - I should understand it perfectly.
He said - who would be the best man other
than you? I said I thought in the
whole Harding would be and he said he
felt so too. He seemed determined not to
have Delano as Vice Govt. I said of Harding
