4 gift to the member banks. Passed him by he
had any intention that the 4% rate had
resulted in lower commercial rates. He
said do and pointed out that the Fed.
Res Agent in his reports showed rate had
not changed. He said Banks in Southern states
had rates from 3 to 6 7/8 on deposits. He
thought rediscount rate should be the N.Y.
rate or a fraction below it.
He was told unofficially that N.Y. had
agreed to rediscount at 2 1/2 7/8. He strongly
told me he would give them a very low
rate in order to demonstrate the harm
it would do to Southern banks.
I believe that at N.Y. has offered such
a low rate it was due to embasure
the Res. Board.
It was pointed out that the subject of
the Res Act permitted to high rates
for rediscount, e.g. an early draft
of Act provided that commercial
rediscount should carry a rate of
from one to 3% above highest rate
of the two banks interested.
Harding also said that any rate below 4 7/8
would encourage speculation and would
result in another enormous cattle rush
to the great morgins of the South.
5
Feb. 9. Tuesday
Sec. M. called me in at 6.30 PM and said Board
were equally divided on a 4 7/8 rediscount rate for
Atlanta and would come up again tomorrow when
he hoped it would be settled. He said they had
a bitter fight. It took him 15 years to persuade
banks could get their money at a low rate and
leave it at existing high rates & the profits would
not be beneficial. He seemed very angry with
the conference of Evers which, I understand
had advised a 4 7/8 rate. I said I would go
over the matter carefully and could come to
settling tomorrow. Sec. M. said the President also
felt strongly that the Evers were advocating to
themselves the function of a central bank and
that it should be established and I agreed with
him.
Mar 10. heard.
Harding called and asked over whole matter
with me. He thought a rate of 2-4 7/8 would
be right; that if the rate were 4 7/8 the Atlanta
bank would have to raise its rates and thus
will give N.Y. member banks a channel
to raise their rates to South.
3 PM. Just meeting of Board. Long discussion
as to rates of rediscount. I asked if it
was not true that N.Y. had offered to
rediscount for Atlanta at 2 1/2 7/8. Mr.
Harding said Res. Res Agent well known of
