342
depressed as to its meaning I should call a
meeting of the Bd Friday in Wash. which at
our final adjt & said this was a Trust. I
said No- merely a statement of fact.
After some further discussion Warren could not
yield his opinion but said he had no object
to our fixing the interpretation by majority
vote. I said this would not do. There was
no majority present. Harding & Miller not
being there.
I added that I was prepared to return to
Wash. at night & leave the matter at a
meeting & stay there until settled.
I then asked Willis to call in his name &
see if Williams were there. He found him there
and he came over. He said he intended
squarly to rule that such substitution acceptance
could be made unless goods had been delivered.
Fairly after another long discussion Warren
said he thought the interpretation was a
frivolous one under the law and later he
said he was satisfied that under the law
such substitution was legal and he indeed
was opposed.
He added, however, that such acceptance
could not be redeemed by the Bank
under Reg. I after delivery of goods and that
if such acceptance were offered they must
be refused unless & until we abolished
that part of Reg. I intimating he would
fight such abolishment.
Mr. Stringer Lee said that acting under our
permission he had read our letter to him
to Brown who was satisfied with it but
that he had specifically told him that
he could give no assurance whatever as
to whether these acceptances would be
redeemed by Fed. Reserve; that that
question did not be settled until passed.
Mr. Harding during the morning session spoke
of interviews both himself and Sir Richard
Crawford on the subject of possible purchases
of cotton by H.Britain. He said from his letters
w. Sir Richard he had no doubt H.Brit.
would make cotton contracts the only
question being at just what time. He said
he told Sir Richard if it must be done
it should be done before the cotton crop
began to grow and then H.Britain by
buying old stock this market.
Some allowance was made to fact that
Harding had been confirmed as a
member of the cotton Com. of the Board
