discharged old school again if it consisted that
would then decide what to do with it; that
then then we simply voted to relieve the 2nd Rehaut.
Wilson said this was true.
Delano & Warb. also said Corwin could not have
passed any action except by unanimous vote
of 13d - a statement as to intention so absurd,
politicque & untrue that it fairly made me
jost!
Harding said Corwin had been true in Butler's light
w. Prudt who had been unable to believe
such action was intended. Scott. did any
member old write Prudt if he desired.
(the firing up steam after morning adjournment Bel.
Musel again of probable reconstruction which
by Warb. as to my letter to Prudt. I said if
any Member wished to old write Prudt & I
would then send him my written act of
weeighting wh. had transmited - in wh. I had
fairly lent w. some strong comments & expression
of opinion set forth in all the facts a reading of
wh. would show very clearly my reason for
believing Corwin & Wilson intended to join
McGinty in redistribution. I said it would give
me pleasure to have such a letter written
by Warb. or any other Member.)
125
Wilson also alluded to fact that he had at meeting
of Nov 15 sued the old counsel for something myself.
must but later he told me the pressure was so
great that he would probably have to go.
The fact of his shut as to cancellation shows his
intention as to forcing a vote. That, later he
said he could go as hardly suff. witness for
me to doubt intention was to force a vote.
he was not to go every every minute brought (
Wednesday) as he sat at other times & thus could leave
me to believe he intended to force a vote on
Monday before he left.
Delano in P. M. said there were 5 pending petitions the
thorough action should be taken on them at least.
I therefore offered a resolution granting official
seat of Bel on May 1915 and letter from Bel to
wholesale. Corwin burnt Prudt. later in May to effect
that the Bel could make no further changes
in work of very. Corwin - that further changes
will depend on experience under operation of
Act - and Resolution that Corwin in redistribution
instructed to examine petition present in detail
wh. any experienced under Act had demonstrated
various of changes in district limits; also that
Corwin about in Petition where no changes had
been given by Bel wh. experience had shown
me. on a hearing.
Delano said
I omitted all reference to petition on redistribution
of Petition bill - in & explained to Board I
felt the old Bel had no authority to
