and he said he wished them returned in the fall
in response to a letter from me. Later he wrote me
a letter very general & I wrote another asking
him directly what his wishes were.
Last week Willburn of Atlanta by would be
authority to buy Georgia warrants in excess of
amount allowed by our Regulations. Harding was
decidedly adverse. said it could open door for
Alabama & other states who would have all
the money we had; so he did not think
there was any tax fund or money necessary
against us. warrants could be secured -- that the
law he omitted instead of warrants in an effort
of abstractions to be made in пользу by the
State; also thought the maneuvers were beyond
6 mos; if hurried upon also that unit already
bought was illegal.
We would withdraw for fine particular & the
Board did not favor wrong regulations
even assuring -- (wh, we doubted) law could
be complied with. So however often Mr. Ross
has urged possibly buy some.
At an earlier date Harding had read to us
a newspaper clipping saying Mr. Meador
had approved such purchase.
I still did not believe him.
About today, shown all members topcoat by
him, Williams especially indifferent at time
actor Nat Steel in press as to Admiral
& Meador.
We all felt that Meador made Kent deKoven
to help move cargo & not to furnish att. on
it funds for investment. I felt that it
would shuttles Meador to have them money
used for investments. As a fact, disregarding
the Kent deKoven Atlanta biz has still a
margin for further loans and the critical
period is about over and loans are
beginning to fall off.
Act 30. Saturday.
Will's 2d came in Wednesday -- Illinois -- work -- Harding
called him in and laid before him plan of
reconstruction:-
1. Atlanta & Reckhund Consolidated w. Bk at Reckhund;
2. St Louis & Kansas City Consolidated.
3. Missouri merged in Chicago.
and also Washington wanted to annex Boston to
N.Y. but Miller objected.
4. Illinois he said Corn was added to N.Y.
Miller was furious about it; said. Reckhund Kansas
City, to his mind, was faulty and proposed
plan made it worse:
1. Consolidated two hanging lots -- all. & Reck.
2. " " " wear lots St & Kansas City.
Said Emery only reason was to make Cleveland
system easier; doubtful was, he said -- we had
never created clearing system; so come ahead
with same system, but could destroy part Reck
notes -- a much greater loss than any from
my opinion -- as Corn Reckhund Branches in
are Ellis Desserts.
Interjected that Emery had consulted bars
of Chicago & Denver on Illinois, as to them.
