use this - they wanted to keep the string & said
that as they had constituted so largely to
oppose they had right to say what the Board
did let ; that Omahay N.Y. refused to give any
more money as they did not dominate & that
had to wait enough to carry matter through.
Finaally, requested w. N.Y. to let through matters
etc.
Said that Burck (during) told him in strict
confidence they had secured or were securing
a "stock" fund. said that working was about
unsuccessful -- could do very little of undertenanted
duty work ; that Aldrich desired him to let him
and dont letter or nothing to him.
Said he became convinced that all such plans
must be thrown out as the people could not
swallow it.
Said Webb was crazy to get in Red Bed tall has
late of successfull it was pure Humphreys ;
that, in this opinion Webb secured his confirmation
by use of money ; that the N.Y. people had
intensive lobbyists & had won their share in
the subject.
Said Webb was absolutely united on account
to Red Bed -- that he was simply an investment
Rind & stock broker & knew nothing of
coin matters.
I told him I had suggested his name to
Webb for a President in Red Bed -- he said
he knew Webb had bought him & could
expect him.
131
Wednesday.
Delano read long article to Board deprecating poor
districts and urging harmony. Told him almost as if
he were only harmonious fellow in Board altogether he
did admit he had with others "done things he
ought not to have done. Also showed of them
that powers & Clearings & said throughout Red
Bed really not fun about.
Webb asked called in each of us that agreed
difficulties should be omitted. I pointed out
falling off many uses that Red Beds depended
on suffrages & good will of members &
that we should disband that expressin etc.
Dr. Willes told me working hard w. me that
Delano all day asked him of Webb had
"shown him any thing"; he said "he is a spirit
lythwitten & a man cutting down districts
and abolishing & camps. Delano said he
could have spoken by it office but he
felt Webb might not like it. Did. added
it is important that this be kept secret &
will I do of course he should not give it
out -- Del. said I mean secret from other
members of the Board.
Said also Webb called him into office
& asked him to read a long article saying
of said Report -- the one offended by Harshness
to Williams -- he could not let it go out
office, however.
Said cannot quite undecided on submitting
