184 product desired result and be directed earnest
to consult Bel on all important procedures
alter such as new stocks in credit reports etc.
The Bd then asked Harding to deal w. earnest
in all financial matters.
Feb 7, Monday.
Williams said he had heard in confidence
that Harding had agreed to accept Prest of
the Baltic Trust Co. into wh. a large Note
book was to be merged & that Grant had
advised him to do so, but neither had
fallen through & finally light was flicked
Prest of the Trust Co.
Feb 9, Tuesday.
Harding had read a memorandum based on the
examiner of Public Res by, showing how much
money it must invest to carry extensive debts.
Inferential claim = capital too light & can not
carry debts w/out practically using up all
its resources. W. S. showed conclusively that
shield not be over 6 banks & that cash balance
should be reduced. Grant that all investments
meant debilitation of capital & that $7.000,000 gold
was only 50% & even then was not calling
offhouse
The other members, have a block of stock
applied. Corn not present. Bill & Willis old
wholly system depended on N.Y. wh. was
thus practically a central Bank. Harding told
N.Y. capital to be the Central Bank of the U.S.
& Williams said Warburg agent was a gross fallacy.
Feb 11, Tuesday.
Warburg said while he was sorry Harrison had
resigned yet he felt under the circumstances
he could have done nothing else. That the old
Res Bd had precisely same relations to him
as did Harrison. Empire was a means of
ignorant men interfering w. matters of
which they knew nothing -- that such a
rudiment was intolerable.
Mr. Madden said he was glad Harrison had
resigned -- that he was a reactionary and
had abrol. no sympathizing with the
Admiralty.
This Am wrote letter to Prest notifying him
to return as against Harrison.
Feb 14, Monday.
Delano made about whom would claim for salary
up to Aug 10, 1914. Showed confidence of better feeling
and clearly implied that he had assured chairman
of Illin. court authority of Board. He candidly
expressed a foundation for future allocation
on Williams. I will reply to this.
Harding introduced a motioned letter to
get Res Bd of Atlanta requesting it to meet
for 70 Res. in trust deposits. at Atlanta
told him it was a demanded final letter and
he could insist upon a record vote on it.
Portfured until a full meeting. Harding was
very angry.
