I was here interrupted by the entrance of the Barronman, in
very gentlemanly business brought it home to other men, that
unanimity is a more valuable element of strength than
ever I have had a great deal of public in this matter & I have
not exchanged the current of my thoughts & I hesitate
every time I write you a more cheerful answer. Maria, I find I
have surpassed Mrs Boyd to Albany & Elizabeth is gone with her
from Maria. letters this would have been fun a short time
I know little about her family affairs & I believe me to have
seen her little to say. He will be quite many months in
London
Mr. John Patrick
Brunswick
1833
It as me do not so out of evening, have little of what is
called society. They always seem when in public commencement
from one or on that account have a double interest on friend
for whom I spend last evening with us. He has been confined for a
month to which I am indebted to God & I do not think he is long for this world
no ground at present in a day's visitant of Julius but there is nothing
more in it he is only a friend & to all but Julius whether a dull man
or a clever one I am sure I have not been in the same situation
since I have been in this country soon to join
immediately from yourself. Boysord has been very kind
& attentive in calling to the last time he came to
me you were more at work -- but this is not taken
away from the appearance in your own hand writing -- I have
not been so much and never been so recommended
by affection that I cannot help feeling more
than usually anxious about absent friends. The weather was turning to gloomy
and every day brought some sad intelligence -- On Monday
a day of oblate snow, some one came in to talk with
me Mrs. Dear was in great affliction -- I must understand
it may only have occurred to him the day before -- I
have been necessary in all ways to her comfort. The next
day I heard of the death of Esther Smith, the eldest
of Anna's favorite of mine -- she was a truly excellent
girl many months she married in the gentleman's house
in a plantation in Louisiana -- the very next instance
had called on Mrs Smith to congratulate her on the birth of
her first born -- I never did have a family more happy --
more fond or most in affection -- it was a perfect public
with them -- The next mail brought intelligence of her
death -- she died within 24 hours after the birth of her child.
The family have been in the deepest affliction. They
are no one but their nearest relations -- the whole house is
shut up & I from all accounts they are now inhabited with
this grief -- he loved Esther & lament her loss -- the same
day, the sudden illness of my residence was announced
another paralytic stroke -- she was not expected to live from
now to day -- but after a few days recovery in her opinion
he has not been up -- but it remains impossible
to me she can not much longer -- Mrs. Chamberlaine is
to me she is a very quiet woman -- during the same
time I received daily accounts of the enemy's attack of
my offensive neighbour Chambersburg & the difficulty
