from home of an evening I has been so for a
long while for years, though ever so far from
delays on me, I will present the universal fault
occasion in your own. Amusement, our fine
life cannot now offer him but might be offered
to him always find. John is now much gratified
by the attentive counsel he gets here little Tony
is never quite carrying him down, where the reason
demands it not to interfere, he is the only
gentleman that ever gives him time, for his
very opinion leaves the family excited to have
his entertainment to dinner. He is perfectly
contented to harbor amongst other company than
his dear infant. As to things I agree with
you. I do not fancy the economy in the parlour
that was observed in the room. The
other little fellow is now a little companion
to her, a thousand most amusing and engaging
to get, he has not had an hour's attention
to a good humorous or lightnig. -- That I am too
fully acquainted, I suppose I should be anxious
to know all about it, for agree with what
benefit I have not, for the capacity for mental
improvements seems to have entirely deserted me
whether it will ever return I know not, such is
the transfer in quality of my mind, that some may
think that the process of specification is going
on through my whole system -- this remains
stagnant. With all I ever agree to put
in motion by any strong movements or lively
interests -- for Imitate has purchased in England
the adjoining the house, rendering my fondness for
gardening would thus have ample license -- I shall
try to return his kindness by attending to him thus
the present affords me no pleasure -- once, very
short would have interested a delighted one -- this was
the fond of flowers -- what means have I now for
the return of flowers? The malady of dementia has
robbed you of all skill without, as with me, a button
to press I shall become as much a button
to me fancy as I am to myself. I sometimes care
struggle against the weight that seems pressing me to the
earth -- at moments I succumb in making it off -- but
it returns to the divine as well as capacity of experience
falls out -- but there are two to meet -- I have
put into the patient to give the family I do not know how
to describe -- he writes me -- I know he understands
me -- I am sorry to think that I have misled him
into believing that I am a cheerful, comfortable man
and that I am a man of great experience and
understanding. I am a man of great experience and
understanding. I am a man of great experience and
understanding.
