have private or public been the same gloomy aspect
which Congress saw something in that seat for the city a
short time ago. Have great and universal distrust among our cities
& now the Democratic question is of so absorbing an interest
that I fear the affairs of our city will be neglected.
Since I have been able to ride out my opinions on
persons have been amended. The matter has been to
the vote of a quiet standing man. On Tuesday the night before
(two unconnected from a consistent opinion) came to
our aid as we asked him to help the money day and
so their conversation was quite a treat. They brought him
to write to me about the day most recently I informed Burg
Smiths at his friends that Mr. Stewart called in the morning
& asked him to give us in the evening a model law
three gentlemen -- I did not venture on criticizing an
act knowing at what hour we might hear of Clementina
in the protection protection of death -- and it was well I did not
for just as we were all collected round our lively pot
fire, Mrs. Burnbut came to tell us Clementina was by
and not from but on her own line & to take him out of home
to his wife, (a near relation of Clementina) who was alone
then. Mrs. Bacharach was present yesterday, Mrs. Bacharach
is with me yesterday & good old Mrs. Myers, my trustworthy mistress
occasionally serves me, one night her son, he had a pleasant
little dinner party -- Mrs. Bacharach is to furnish for us on
sunday -- Mrs. Bacharach is engaged only for two months, I
do not believe we shall break him longer -- he is lodging
Mr. Cost, has accepted a call to Charleston, at 3000 dollars
or another from by turns should with be vacated by Mr. Davis
the territorial minister, has taken up game -- He was
an excellent young man. -- Mrs. O's comfort is, though not
a frequent visitor & an actress & evidently engaged in
philanthropic objects on every. She is now sitting up at a
rest for a tender of months, who is in great difficulty --
From Clementina has at last breathed her last.
for two days this apparently quite sensible, the vital power
has been returned in her body by stimulants -- she breathed a little
was the only evidence of her continuance. Her other brother, -- they
will often follow her in the conversation, having already made
judgment in her consultation -- from her gratitude -- she is almost
begging -- some persons say, quite so. Clementina's present
residence, all in similar affliction. I deeply do feel for them,
though I have seen neither. They are about themselves as to doctors
may ever their most intimateful friends -- Salem has been for these
days with Mrs. Goodale, who is a very sick -- and generally, even now
quite well -- but I feel or deeply the uncertainty of life & health. She
cannot consider present health as any security for a long continuance
in society.
January 26. 1836
I have long looked for letters, answered in company
with one from Maria. I always feel sorry when two
such pleasant come together -- separately, they are more
enjoyed, being like two nuts, instead of one. Both on
all ships at all times are three muskets of affection
welcome, most welcome. In this instance particularly, as
I had been suffering from anxiety on both your account
& Maria's. I could not feel assured you were quite well
till I had full appearance upon your own hand & although
our inter made light of it, I considered a journey at
this season rather a perilous undertaking for her &
her family. The papers are daily filled with accounts of
fatal accidents by land & water & as several of the
injuries were personally known, more than
comments find my attention on the subject. What other
place is life secure? For Kentucky, now with, nor
home nor securities from health. Consider of your
friends in Kentucky -- but being taken from such every
effort, is being prepared for the great change. My
mother's release from life is not to be desired --
though you must tenderly feel it. I have not seen
boys and never to take him of it, except one, but
interview where it stifled my memory, other company being
present. -- Intermittences as usual by morning readers --
each a morning day I felt secure of being alone & found myself
as I thought for the morning, pen in hand to my tablet. Though there
is little real enough in these words, yet convey in content with
execute a variety of people, those alone, the usual things, sometimes
things, carries me a little out of self & has its benefits, although
it does not awaken our respect for individual sympathies, or influence
the mind. I did not intend writing many of the members ladies,
but circumstances & accident often control our most deliberate &
determined resolutions & in whole of myself I have been thrown into
making a great many words -- You may not my own have been aware
of the kind of influence mine -- Your Bayard tells me as
68193
