from the apriority of something afford so much satisfaction that pain is
often bequited by its potency, and a sweet feeling is diffused over the sorrows
of disease in the being the object of so much love and care. I must afford you
my dear sister suchlib gratification that you are in circumstances to command all
that comfort for your beloved child -- and that her complaint alone will
mitigatome. I feel very anxious to hear from you -- and from Regard that
has prevented him from writing. He is thus letter in debt to me, and I was deeply
interested in not hearing from me. He did not know how much I needed his prompt
attention -- when you can him inquire if he has not written I think probably he has
written by a private opportunity and that the letter is bad. Every day I have been
expecting he would bring me some mission.
Being shut up in my room -- I have not much to say -- you know there
is a sort of stagnation of mind when cut off from society -- I have omitted only
a few friends -- and when at all interested in conversation have always suffered
from Monday I had quite a leave -- or rather succession, and gentlemen too. I find myself
a venerable elogeeman (real existence) an agent for Belongings. I made an earnest
pleasure visit. He talks as a great and about the prosperity and prosperity of the
Besa Cove settlement -- and appears to think that humanity has every thing
to hope from the appearance of success in all their plans. Before he went
he made a most sweet and soothing address from some corner in the 45th Psalm
where God's care of the kiddos & fatherly is spoken of -- and in an art of liberal
portion recommended as to that case. It was really astonishing! -- I have called
soon after -- and was very kind and cheerful. I had a few female friends also
so that it was quite a legal day in my calendar -- but since then I have had to
practice abstinence --
You speak of Miss Jane -- I believe she is a relation of the Governor
and if the Governor has I wonder not that you love her. I am sure you do
debates with Mrs B. and I am also certain I should admire your wife Jane.
My body is in a very bad state this summer and always came most kindly
to die me -- without waiting for any return. My fortune Mr. Paul has him in
a fluctuating state of health all summer travelling from place to place -- and rarely
led by -- always making addresses -- and effecting at all establishments where he can
promote the cause of religion or mission. He is in hopes he shall get in October
go out to China -- and will make the attempt if strength permits -- he has been
die on the passage. There are different opinions respecting his complaint -- some think
it is scold in the lungs -- but others say it is an affection of the heart -- equally incurable
but rather more variable in its progress -- and termination. He is at times so sick that
life is despised of and gladly dies. His friends, then he remains and travels
during his temporary restrictions. The Board are not able to do and forth the Infirmities of whom
they have engaged -- and who are now just waiting for orders. Mr. Liberty is in this case.
I have just read a letter from Maria in which she informs me she expects to
leave for Washington near to you -- where she can be with you occasionally
on your circumstances will admit. I hope you will derive mutual comfort &
advantage. It is a great pleasure to be so near to your friends that you can be
with them in trouble and distress. You know how gladly would minister to
you were it in my power -- and desired by you or mine -- but it is necessary
now that it is desired -- for I always have a great fear of attending on my
sister -- I think it is so easy -- and so natural to ask friends if you wish for them
I receive you have so many friends at hand who are both willing and ready to
render you every aid. You must have been much touched by the sudden deaths
which have occurred among your acquaintances. pray for them. I presume she can
not continue long. of still living. I should like to have my kind remembrance
presented to her. How is Mr. Wood? I hope his health is improving. I am glad
your Regard has recovered and is able to take his place by his two sons.
It gives me pleasure to hear that Julia and her babe are doing so well. I believe
he will be able to find an agreeable settlement.
Judicia B. is going with daily to to New Orleans they are now here
inspiring. Mary has been very anxious of visiting them but has not been able
to obtain a body or escort -- and so has reluctantly to give it up --
With my dear daughters are now quite well. I do not yet get rid of phlegm
