situation to such fatigue & distress as I am
for the reasons are better now than they used to be
in March or April, I am now aware who has often
trooped the mountains in a peculiar situation, a prisoner
for whom it is no danger, (he has been a hard
buccaneer) after talking Dr. Sewall's advice, I have written to him
to come in next month with Major Wade. You may
easily believe I shall not let him again leave our
interior after his confinement -- when this note he cannot
forgetfulness apparent -- but believe, only a surgeon --
Anna's health is entirely untroubled -- may it
be so during the next two trying months. Your opinion
is one I cannot quite be decided by. That alone
you must let me know when you write, how I have
always felt particularly interested about recovery from
this fatal disease. I believe it is good about
10 months since I wrote -- I know it was just after
my return from Kalaranna -- at the recollection
of the same period this month, dear Mr. Washington
unmitigated anxiety was conveyed to such a degree that
Lt. B. (your request) me to go a day into town --
a day or two -- Anna accompanied me & we succeeded
in somewhat soliciting her mind from painful watching
& apprehension -- The apprehended fetis has not yet receded
and -- but she is constantly inhaling & I see health suffers
even more than her voice. I got on the whole, she is not
quite better -- During a severe snow storm, I was sent
for to Mrs. Clifton, who it was believed was dying -- I
left Anna at Kalaranna, & intended to be away with
the expectation of remaining there some days, but
found Mrs. Clifton better & as it was during the crisis
was passed -- Since then the weather has kept me
confined to the house, or rather myself confined, for 5
years have been often eve to see Miss Gallaudet, who is so ill
as to keep her bed -- yesterday the 2 gentlemen came
whenever I sat a bed -- The bad weather have kept
one at home each in the morning -- but it looks like clearing
now. I am interrupted by Mr. Wood -- I am happy
to tell you that his health is much improved -- The
most alarming symptoms are alleviated & he hopes to look
once more like himself -- His official duties oblige him to
convent in all matters & as his office is so narrow, he
often comes to lunch with me. I have him your message to
be served to the most kindly & most affectionate remembrance
to you. Anna remained 10 days at Kalaranna, where
all her powers of communication were called into requisition
for the sake of trying to his mother -- She is herself all the
better for the numerous entertaining efforts she made
presently dancing (among themselves) & other games of various kinds
that diversified their exercise -- & the pleasant meetings through
the day -- Mrs. B. called this morning & looked better -- But
her friend Norris is far from improving -- I really am afraid
she is going to be seriously ill -- her spirits are every day
more & more depressed.
Last winter Mrs. Bayard volunteered & during a social
day with us -- but she & Mrs. B. did not get here until after
4 o'clock, when having given them up, we did eat down to
table -- I hardly know how to take her -- more I to trust
all her impressions I should believe I had found a new friend --
But she is too thin, to flatter myself she can cure myself
for such others, obscure, plain people as we are.
She is very gay -- talkative, animated, & formidable to hear.
That -- she is most cordial in all our civilities & all
the present very plain way of talking, would interrupt my authority
much seriously. Mrs. B. is fast at home with -- The party of
Washington in visit to its height -- Our table is literally crowded
with invitations -- but I scarcely look at them -- Bayard is
now the only member of our family who has brothers or
daughters -- I hope he was not overly anxious, but much
I have irritated him for both his mother's & friend. Martin
that is to be married next Thursday. He modesty --
to be as expected, as offered can be (simultaneously) The company
very large or general. Benjamin Smith has come on as
British mail -- A few days after, Miss Johnson from Seattle, needs
to be married -- 2 or 3 have only a few friends.
On account of weather, one confirmed chiefly to the morning. In this
way I suppose a good deal in society. Your Bayard often
comes to pass an evening with us -- the comfortable bed
makes age to read. The fellow of Nigel to us, but as yet
6836
have been only 5 of them one vol. He is quite
