14
Dec 18. Tuesday
not send her Wilson a bound copy of events
connected with his two Wilson admirals taken
from the secret books. Also sent a copy to
Ray Stewart Bassler.
Dec 19. Wed
We have a very small dinner at the Women's
Dem. Club. Present here are Herman Castle,
Warwiger, minister to Brazil, an U.S. m. a
special mission, a very old friend of H.P.H.
Mr. Baynard, Mr Charles Clotet 2nd and Mr
Maurice Lase.
He looked to know his wishes. Before asking her had
Thursday night when she drew up time when
her duties: that then said she believed she cannot
come at the trouble such even to be with her and
she heard she could not leave Utica, but she
would let me know. We heard nothing Friday,
but on Sunday, Wednesday I called her not and she
said she did not see him. She would arrange it
as she had no one to look after the troubles she
had suffered in law her husband Bailey had put
her cheated on her double Mastode, Randolff
had sent her to me a letter cold and well
15
clothes well again etc. 28th begged her to dinner at our house
and H.P.H met her Monday after lunch at the
Dem. Club. She expressed her regret, and her well
of Sunday Dec. daughter of Robert Bailey said she
would be glad to come in and have care of the
role. H.P.H said "Now you have no excuse" and told
me just who was coming and gave her an account of
it. As she went down stairs she asked what
time the dinner was and H.P.H said 7.30 and do
all us if you thought your mind, as we shall
be crazy to meet you.
But when he left him on Monday told her he
wanted to come in he had the girl leave any
one could hear, the timeliness of meeting her!
Randolff called up H.P.H. told, many aboard
Ill. He said Col. Clotet had gone to his commands
unmarried & had asked him to tell H.P.H. that
he had waited until the last moment, that he
believe had a heavy cold and could not come,
and that she could not come to her dinner.
H.P.H told him how delighted we were and he
said whether we can get together some other
time and H.P.H said he, he is going right
into a hospital.
He also said Col. Clotet asked him to though with
the chief of the Union administration
