110
have to apologize for my vote in this instance; that I
presented him with a right of any Member to vote on the
bill without prejudice of any Member to vote on the bill
in such a mischievous matter; that the minority favored the
bill, the Senate had favored it and would at once
a Party division & the 17th Century had
aborted it but would exerted Demo. obliterating it.
I suggested that he fit some of his Demo. who voted on the
bill in the Senate would vote against the bill.
It will appear absolutely certain that a
Party man on a 17th bill would never
bother & it would do all he could
to fix a null.
By the Redfield called me up on page 107
and said his banking firm was interested in a bank consolidation
of mines, Etc., and other business matters
who thought of getting into the
Senate to represent the most important
man in the Senate, I said I did
not know him intimately but
111
have to apologize for my vote in this instance; that
I presented him with a right of any Member to vote on the
bill without prejudice of any Member to vote on the bill
in such a mischievous matter; that the minority favored the
bill, the Senate had favored it, and would at once
a Party division & the 17th Century had
abrogated it but would exerted Demo. obliterating it.
I suggested that he fit some of his Demo. who voted on the bill
in the Senate would vote against the bill.
It will appear absolutely certain that a
Party man on the 17th bill would never
bother & it would do all he could
& fix a null.
By the Redfield called me up on page 107
& said his banking firm was interested in a bank consolidation
of mines, Etc., & other business matters
who thought of getting into the
Senate to represent the most important
man in the Senate, I said I did
not know him intimately but
would him to be mean of slandering and
insulting.
In relation to Elephanter question from page 108
whilst I could retain my name to be
inserted in the book, I am very sure when
King submitted his name, of condition
King had decided not to use my name,
but if King belt I was to obtain, the condition
that I should do nothing to
injure him book would be a negative result.
In view of this condition I feel
I could have been justified in absolutely
withdrawing my name, but I left the
matter as I did in order to carry out
honorable the interest as well as the
letter of the Constitution.
Ensigns Z. 108
