Friday 10th. cloudy weather. — Col. Bannford
called — Susan Smith spent the morning
here
Saturday 11th fine day
Left out to go to Mr. Bannfords — went here
returned & took a little ride — then called
here & took tea — I went to Washington
after tea — went to town here
Sunday 12th. Warm — Mr. B. & I came
into the office — & an old man to go to Washington
but a gent & came all the afternoon found
Monday 13th. Cool — Mr. B. returned and
Mr. Winston (the drawing master) came in to
see the pictures — I went to bed — I slept
until 10 pm. — I went to bed — I slept
the night to Washington — Mr. Joseph Bryan
to Mr. Bannfords — Mr. Patterson came
to Mr. Bannfords — I went up town — I
visited home for time to dinner in the ground
part — and the evening home again I left home
of the evening — I went to bed — I slept
all night — the night of the 14th — Mr. Bannfords
to Mr. Bannfords — the night of the 15th
to Mr. Bannfords — I went to Washington
to see Mr. Bannfords — I went to Washington
to see Mr. Bannfords — I went to Washington —
to see Mr. Bannfords — I went to Washington
to see Mr. Washington — I went to Washington
to see Mr. Washington — I went to Washington
to see the President of the United States
— I went to Washington to see the President
of the United States — I went to Washington
to see the President of the United States
— I went to see the President of the United
States — I went to see the President of the
United States — I went to see the President
of the United States — I went to see the
President of the United States — I went to
see the President of the United States — I
went to see the President of the United States
— I went to see the President of the United
— I went to see the President of the United
States — I went to see the United States
— I went to see the United States — I went
to see the United States — I went to see
the United States — I went to see the United
States — I went to see the United States —
I went to see the United States — I went to
see the United States — I went to see the
United States — I went to see the United
States — I went to see the United States —
1 went to see the United States — I went to
see the United States — I went to see the
[unclear, possibly 'United States' or 'United States' continued]
States — I went to see the United States —
I went to see the United States — I went to see
the United States — I went to see the United
States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United
States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States —
States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United
States— I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United
States —
States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see
the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see
the United States— I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States— I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see
the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United
[unclear, possibly 'States'] — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United State
States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United — I went to see the United States— I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United — I went to see the United States —
States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the
United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the
United States — I went to see the United States— I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the
United States —
United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United
United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the
United United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see [unclear, possibly 'the United States'] — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the
United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States— I went to see the
United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States —
United States — I went to see the United States — I went to
see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to
see the United States — I went to see the United — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see
the United States
States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States— I went to see the United States — I went to see the United — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States —
United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see
the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States— I went to see the United States — I went to see
the United States — I went to see the United States —
United States — I went
to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went
to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United United States — I went to see the United States — I
went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I
went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I was
to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went
to the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to
see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the
[unclear, possibly 'United States'] — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see
[unclear, possibly 'the United States'] — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the
United States— I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the
[unclear, possibly 'United States'] — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see
the United States - I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States - I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see the United States — I went to see
