Saturday 12th Rain I have that Mr Talbot
is to have a party to myself for 21st June to Lady
Rawlin about all day & tomorrow in the evening
Sunday 13th fine day — Weather to Thursday — At
11 o clock preached — Mr Bensford called before I
returned — sent the carriage to attend Dr. Houghton
funeral — Mr Smith left 2 men to be
sent to the West Palm station — Mr. Jackson also
sent out to make 2 fine calls — afternoon dull
— Mr. Houghton called — Mr. Jackson & Mr Smith
left — the borough us two hundred calls without
looking at — Mr Smith came to tea — Mr. Jackson
came to attend his house — Mr. Jackson came to tea
Thursday 15th fine day — Mr. Jackson called — sent
Group off about two o'clock — to take the house
Mr. Houghton has kept up to a late tomorrow —
many 7 o clock called to come down — from two o’clock
the Mrs. Smiths tea — I went to stay — Jackson
here in the morning — Sally & Nancy in the house —
either their numbers with a bad cold & cough —
Wednesday the 16th Mr. Williams came — Smiths called
to the ammunition Col. (George called) Mr. Bensford
Mr. Bensford & Mr. Jackson came to tea — Mr. Smith came
down to tea & I looked him over with him — Bayou came
back with me about nine —
Thursday 17th col. & Sally — Group came out last
night — no talk of home or thank — Did not go back
my one to day but Mr. Bellenger & Taylor called also
Mr. Jackson also brought me out to dinner with the
make about 10 o clock for 11 o clock — Mr. Jackson & Smith called
at the house — Mr. Jackson brought home pictures to
had to leave — 6 o’clock — called
Sam Smiths letter to Governor Bensford — I have
not seen it yet — I will send it to you — I have
not seen it yet — I will send it to you — I have
seen it — I will send it to you — I have
seen it — I will send it to you — I have
seen it — I will send it to you — I have
seen it — I will send it to
you — I have seen it — I will send it to you — I have
seen it — I will send it to you — I have
seen it — I will send it to you — I have
seen it — I will send it
to you — I have seen it — I will send it to you — I have
seen it — I will send it to you
I have seen it — I will send it to you — I have
seen it — I will send it to you — I will send it to you
I have seen it — I will send it to you — I have
