CONFIDENTIAL
PRELIMINARY MEMORANDUM ON MONEY MARKET AND CREDIT CONDITIONS
FOR THE FEDERAL OPEN MARKET COMMITTEE,
OCTOBER 22, 1935.
Excess Reserves and Federal Reserve Policy
Five months have passed since the last meeting of the Federal Open Market
Committee when we discussed Federal Reserve policy with particular reference to the
question of excess reserves. During this period the System holdings of government
securities and total Reserve Bank credit outstanding have remained virtually un-
changed, but excess reserves have increased from $2,180,000,000 on March 6 to
$2,910,000,000 on October 16. This increase has been due mainly to further gold
inflow, and to a less extent to Treasury disbursements of free gold and an increase
in silver certificates in excess of retirements of national bank notes.
In attempting to reappraise our policy with respect to excess reserves
at the present time, we must find answers to two questions. First, what evidence
is there that our present policy is having desirable results? Second, what dangers
are there that a continuance of the present policy may have undesirable results?
Having answered these questions, we shall be in a better position to consider
whether and when and in what ways our policy might wisely be changed.
As stated in a memorandum presented at a meeting of the Executive
Committee on April 17, the theory of creating excess reserves was that in a de-
pression, when the capacity and willingness of banks to lend and of private enter-
prise to borrow have been impaired, excess reserves would put pressure on the
banks to buy government securities, thus forcing down the yield on these securities
to the point where bank and other investment funds would flow over into private
capital investment. The signs then discernible that this pressure had begun to
work have since become clearer. One very favorable indication is the progress
of the government war debt conversion program, which has now been entirely completed.
There have been converted over $8,000,000,000 of bonds into bonds and long-term
Volume 265
Page 7
