7
estimates. It has been easier to appropriate money than to devise the means of
spending it; the result is that expenditures are still being made to a large ex-
tent out of appropriations from the preceding fiscal year and actual expenditures
continue to run behind the estimates. In the past 3 months, actual net expenditures
have averaged $275,000,000 a month as against the first official estimate for this
fiscal year's deficit of $4,529,000,000 which has been revised to $5,282,000,000
in the President's recent budget message. There is also some recent evidence of
a desire on the part of the Administration to control extraordinary expenditures.
It would be unsafe, however, to assume that the government's spending
program will dry up from either lack of desire or lack of ability to find ways to
spend the money. There are still some 19,000,000 people on relief, there is the
$4,800,000,000 appropriated by the last Congress, there is every indication of a
renewed drive in the next session of Congress for a bonus law which, if enacted,
would probably add some $2,000,000,000 of extraordinary expenditure, and a
Presidential election is approaching. Probably the most serious problem now bear-
ing upon our policy regarding excess reserves arises from the contemplation of
these actual and potential extraordinary appropriations. What will be their
effect upon the business recovery which is now under way? If business confidence
is not shaken and if the banks continue to absorb government securities, public
spending on such a scale as this might well impart ourselves, much sooner than we
now think, facing our second danger, that of undue private business and credit ex-
pansion. On the other hand, if such a program of public spending, particularly if
the bonus is added, should shake business confidence and impair the ability or
willingness of the market to absorb government securities, we might find our-
selves facing the first danger outlined above, pure governmental inflation.
