11
that it has been the Federal Reserve policy ever since February 1932 to maintain
pressure for credit expansion through excess reserves, no one supposes that the
System would have deliberately created any such volume of reserves as now exists;
and the question has been repeatedly raised whether, granting the desirability of
large excess reserves, it is desirable to permit them to accumulate indefinitely.
It may well be asked whether, at some point, we should not intervene, not to pre-
vent credit expansion but merely to prevent further accumulation of superfluous
reserves which will only add to the difficulties of credit control when the time
for it arrives?
This question, which is surely very pertinent, reveals the extraordinary
nature of our current situation which is without precedent in central banking
history. If a central bank creates reserves by open market operations, it can con-
tract them by the same method. But today excess reserves owe their origin, in the
main, not to open market operations but to the modification of our monetary standard.
So long as gold continues to flow in on such a scale as this year and last, we
could not hope to eliminate excess reserves by open market operations alone. As a
practical matter, the most that we could do through the sale of government securities
would be to reduce them in part and thus psychologically to check their use in
credit expansion. It is partly because we fear that the sale of securities at this
time would have such a result now when expansion is still necessary for business re-
covery that we have continued in our present policy. If, on the other hand, a
reversal of our open market position did not prevent credit expansion now, our
sales would only weaken our power to control such expansion later.
In these circumstances it seems not unlikely that the first step in con-
trol may have to be the raising of reserve requirements. Must we not recognize that
the modification of our monetary standard in January, 1934, carried with it as one
