8
The possibilities which have been discussed do not, however, appear to
necessitate as yet any change in our policy regarding excess reserves. They merely
raise questions for the future and indicate what factors in the current situation
should be most closely watched. If this really is the beginning of a genuine re-
cov e ry, it ought to mean that steps will be taken looking toward, not an immediate
balancing of the budget, but some fairly definite schedule of tapering off extra-
ordinary expenditures, the speed with which that is done depending upon the progress
of recovery. It may well be that we shall have a permanent problem of relief as
England has. The very fact that relief has been organized on a national scale may
mean that unemployables previously taken care of informally and privately will be-
come permanently a charge upon the public budget. Passage of the social security
legislation, which is desirable in principle, almost certainly means a permanent
increase in relief expenditures as compared with the pre-depression period. But the
important considerations should be that such expenditures should be kept down to the
adequate minimum, and above all that they should be made to find their place in a
balanced budget.
If, as recovery proceeds, the effective steps are not taken toward budget
balancing, there would certainly be ground for questioning whether the Reserve
System is justified in continuing its present policy with respect to its security
portfolio and excess reserves. We need not stop to consider anew the difficulties
of making a reversal of our policy effective under such circumstances. Some of them
have already been discussed in the earlier memorandum, such as the Stabilization
Fund and the powers granted in the Thomas Amendment, whereby the Administration
could easily override our efforts if it chose to do so. There is the further very
practical difficulty that if we should attempt to sell our securities to the
market, which at the same time was being offered new government issues to finance
budgetary deficits, the result might be such an impairment of the market as might
