- 2 -
Chicago-San Francisco
Chicago-Kansas City
Chicago-Dallas
Chicago-St. Louis
Chicago-Minneapolis
The committee will give further study to this subject
before making a recommendation.
3. The committee recognizes that the personnel problem is
a difficult one and feels that to a large extent this is
something that each bank will want to work out for itself.
The committee recommends, however, that in the event the
change is made from Morse to Teletype each bank should
make every effort to adjust this problem as soon as pos-
sible in order that the System is not charged with salaries
in excess of those that should reasonably be paid to com-
petent teletype operators. This might be effected by find-
ing other positions for their present Morse operators in
the bank or elsewhere, or in lieu of this by giving them
ample notice so that they may adjust their affairs ac-
cordingly.
The suggestion was recently made by one of the Federal reserve
banks that a considerable saving in cost would be effected if certain
main-line wires were re-routed. Accordingly, the Leased Wire Com-
mittee requested the American Telephone & Telegraph Company to make
a survey of the traffic handled on the wires which would be affected
by the proposed change with a view to determining whether or not
such re-routing would be practical or advantageous. This survey has
just been completed and the representatives of the telephone company
state that while the proposed re-routing as originally submitted
would not be advisable, it appears that certain changes in the
present setup may be possible which will result in some reduction
in cost. The committee will give this matter further study and when
conclusions have been reached will take the matter up with the of-
fices concerned.
In view of the foregoing, the committee suggests that the
recommendations with respect to accounting procedure be put into
effect as soon as practicable without awaiting further developments
on the Teletype or re-routing the wires. These recommendations
which follow are the result of questions which have previously been
raised, and with the exception of Recommendation No. 9 are substan-
tially, those contained in the Committee's report which was approved
by the Governors' Conference in February 1935:
