2
notes at a saving of over 1% on the bonds and more on the notes. Probably the
chief financial development of the last seven months has been the appearance in
large volume of private refunding issues bearing interest rate reductions of from
1% to 1 3/4%. During the seven months period ended with September, over
$1,300,000,000 of domestic corporate refunding operations were conducted. In
addition, there was $750,000,000 of state, municipal, and farm loan refunding, ex-
clusive of government guaranteed issues. This is evidence that the reduction of
yields on short-time investments and on government securities is having its ex-
pected effect upon the yields of corporate and other bonds.
In this period, also, the signs of business revival have become clearer.
Perhaps the best evidence is that the decline this year from the spring peak of
business activity was markedly less than in any year since the depression began,
and was arrested earlier than is usual. From the high point of January, general
business activity lost by May only about 25% of the previous advance, since which
time the index of production has tended moderately upward. In the three preceding
wave movements since the bottom of the depression in 1932, from two-thirds to
100% of each upward movement was lost in the subsequent decline. At present it
appears that a number of consumer goods industries are nearly back to their pre-
depression level. The automobile industry has made a notable recovery, although
at the moment production is low owing to the early introduction of new models.
The heavy goods industries still remain the center of the depression but steel
production has now recovered to 50% of capacity and machine tool orders recently
have made the best showing since 1929, although they have declined somewhat in the
last two months.
There is thus some fairly clear evidence both in interest rates and in
the state of business that our long-continued policy of easy money and excess re-
serves is having the desired results. To what extent these results should be
