The Committee has given further consideration to this sub-
ject and feels that, since nonmember clearing banks are permitted
to carry clearing accounts with Federal reserve banks, and since
reserve banks collect checks drawn on them, some provision,
however restricted, should be made which will permit them to
transfer funds both to and from such accounts.
The Committee recommends, therefore, that the Federal Reserve
Board be requested to amend its regulations to provide that tele-
graphic transfers of bank balances in round amounts, i. e. multi-
ples of $100 be accepted from and paid to nonmember clearing banks
and that such transfers be made only over the commercial telegraph
wires at the expense of such banks.
If this recommendation be approved by the Governors and ac-
cepted by the Federal Reserve Board, it is further recommended
that the semi-annual par list issued by the Board include a list
of nonmember clearing banks by districts in the same manner that
state member banks are now shown, and that the monthly supplements
to the par list record the changes in the list of nonmember clear-
ing banks, in order that the operations of the Federal reserve
banks under the revised regulations may be facilitated.
The Committee suggests for the consideration of the Federal
Reserve Board the following paragraphs of revised rules and regu-
lations for uniform use by all Federal reserve banks in their
circulars relating to wire transfers:
TRANSFERS OVER LEASED WIRES
1. Only transfers of bank balances in round amounts, that is
multiples of $100, will be made over the Federal reserve leased
wires. The term "bank balance" shall be construed to mean an
accumulation of funds comprising an established account main-
tained by a member bank with its Federal reserve bank or with
another member bank.
2. Telegraphic transfers of funds over the leased wires will
be made for and paid to member banks only. Such transfers will
be made without cost to member banks.
3. The descriptive data in telegrams transferring bank balances
over the leased wires must be limited to the amount to be trans-
ferred, name of the member bank to receive credit and, when
necessary, name of its correspondent member bank, and name of
member bank with which request originated.
4. Transfers of the proceeds of individual collection items will
not be made over the leased wires.
5. The Federal reserve banks maintain, at large expense, a
leased wire system over which it is necessary to transmit a heavy
volume of important communications. Member banks are requested
to cooperate with us in attempting to avoid overcrowding the
leased wires by not making requests for telegraphic transfers of
