REPORT OF STANDING COMMITTEE ON COLLECTIONS
TO
GOVERNOR J. U. CALKINS, CHAIRMAN OF GOVERNORS' CONFERENCE
July 12, 1935
The following topic was submitted to the Standing Committee on
Collection by the Governors' Conference of May 27 and 28, 1935,
with the request that the Committee's report and recommendations
be presented to the Chairman of the Conference:
DESIRABILITY OF UNIFORM PROCEDURE IN HANDLING
TELEGRAPHIC TRANSFERS OF BANK BALANCES IN ROUND
AMOUNTS FOR ACCOUNT OF NONMEMBER CLEARING BANKS
OVER COMMERCIAL WIRES AT EXPENSE OF SUCH BANKS.
In its letter of February 21, 1922 (X-3337), the Federal Re-
serve Board adopted certain rules and regulations for the guidance
of Federal reserve banks in connection with wire transfers of
funds. These regulations provided that telegraphic transfers
should be accepted from and paid to member banks only but stated
"as some of the Federal reserve banks are under obligation to
accept telegraphic transfers from their nonmember clearing banks,
they may for the present continue to make such transfers." It
appears that under these regulations Federal reserve banks were
temporarily permitted to make telegraphic transfers for nonmember
clearing banks over the leased wires. In its letter of June 21,
1924 (X-4099) the Federal Reserve Board issued revised regulations
governing the use of the Federal reserve leased wires and the mak-
ing of telegraphic transfers both over the leased wires and the
commercial wires. These regulations, which were adopted uniformly
by all Federal reserve banks, provided that telegraphic transfers
of funds should be accepted from and paid to member banks only,
whether such transfers were made over the Federal reserve leased
wires or over the commercial telegraph wires, and since July 1,
1924, the effective date of the regulations, there has existed
no provision for making telegraphic transfers for nonmember clear-
ing banks.
The Standing Committee on Collections in its report to the
Governors' Conference of April 1, 1929, covered very fully (pages
3-9) the whole subject of transfers requested by nonmember banks
and recommended (page 4) that the Board's regulations as set forth
in its letter of June 21, 1924 (X-4099) be amended to permit tele-
graphic transfers of funds to be made for nonmember clearing banks
under the same conditions as they were made for member banks.
This recommendation was not approved by the Governors' Conference,
it having been felt that nonmember clearing banks should not be
furnished the same transfer service as member banks, and the
Board's regulations were not changed.
