Form No. 131
Office Correspondence
FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD
To Mr. Hamlin
From Lauchlin Currie L.C.
June 8, 1955.
Subject:
In the case of both the First and the Second Banks of the
United States, the Government originally owned one-fifth of the
capital stock. In order to reduce its debt to the First Bank,
the Government sold its stock and ceased to be a shareholder
in 1802, about midway in the history of the bank.
The two banks each had a board of twenty-five directors.
In the case of the First Bank, these were elected by the share-
holders, who had one vote for each share, but no individual could
vote more than thirty shares. There is no evidence that the
Government was represented by directors specially appointed by
it. In the case of the Second Bank the same system of voting
applied; but the President, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appointed five of the twenty-five directors.
Foreigners owned between two-thirds and three-fourths of
the stock in both banks, but were prevented from voting by a
provision which authorized only residents of the United States
to vote by proxy.
In the case of both banks the branches were merely subsidiary
offices of the main institution. The idea of regional autonomy
seems not to have been thought of at the time.
The Aldrich Bill provided for an organization which was
formally highly centralized. The Board of Directors of the
National Reserve Association was to have power to fix a uniform
discount rate for the entire country and to issue notes. The
managers and deputy managers of the fifteen branches were to be
appointed by the Governor of the national association, with the
approval of the Board of Directors of the branches. These
officers were to be subject to removal by the Governor, and their
powers and duties were to be specified by the by-laws of the
National Association. These provisions seemed to be entirely
unaffected by the idea of regional autonomy. The Board of Directors
of the National Association, however, were to be representative
of, and indirectly elected by, local banking associations, and
the Governor of the National Association was to be appointed by
the President from a list of names submitted by this board, and
was to be removable by a two-thirds vote of the board.
