38
not quite very much puzzled as to his wishes.
1. Her finally declined our decision to Herrn
Rade, giving as an excuse that she could not
leave her niece, Mrs Ruzller's girl, who was
twenty two, about for that evening; she even
said that she was afraid Ramlakoh - who
had a cold but was all right again, - would
let us again. all of this clearly indicated
that our sense of honor, and honor to me, she
did not want to deal with me, she knew
how disablimed Cott would be on her
having her let wanted to embezzle in Paris
the greatest money that could be embezzled
in any man; her tendency of being prejudiced
to Mr W. Parichly she did not want
to deal to meet a foreign minister and
never to yield precedence to him with
as a matter of fact, Cott would have
put her in her respects, on the lead called
up by a couple of the State Dept. who
said this would be broken. As Ruckert
she did not want to go to the women
den. Club because of the women boots
entirely!
2. when Cott sent her back disputes
of all reference to Wilmer and his
administration, containing over 400 pages, bound up
with his name on the title page and
autographed by Cott, she merely got Ramlakoh
to leave us at the same time that he told us
she could not dine with us, - that she
had received the book, and has never
telephoned or written a word of agreement.
adjunct. Rev. Stearn. Baker, to whom Cott
sent a copy said it was one of the best
books he had ever seen on the subject
and that it would be of enormous help
in writing his biography.
3. although she talked with me about
time than table continually she insisted
we called on Cott, yet when later Cott
left her whenever she wanted him to
talk it was he would gladly call.
she pretty said that was nothing
to talk about and has not since
called Cott up.
4. when Mrs Pennings called just before
her final decision she said she
would arrange for another conference
between herself, Mr W. and Cott, and
39
me. She said she would not
see me again. I told her I would
see her. She said she would
not see me again. I told her I would
see her. She said she would not
see me again. I told her
