217 would vote for Hardy, and, assuming that he
would be elected, I had made up my
mind that I had not sufficient information
to vote intelligently either Ayl or No. This I
briefly explained before voting on motion to table.
The whole proceeding in my opinion was a
desire on Hardings part, conceived in by
the action 3 - to avoid having an Ballings
name when they knew to be compelled.
Miller, having as usual cold feet, looked
unwisely to avoid voting to save his
face but he was forced to show his
hand and had to vote Ayl albeit a
moment before he had said he was not
satisfied Hardy was a stronger man for
the place. His duplicity disgusts me.
Williams on motion to table asked that
matter be tabled up that Sec. Medder
might vote. I ruled however that as
Sec U. was at cabinet meeting and had
told me to proceed w. all business I
did not hold up the meeting for the
purposes
At lunch I telephoned Sec. U. at White
House, where he was having lunch,
218 and told him all that had happened. He
said I was equally regretful in not holding up
nothing to enable him to vote on motion
to table. He was very indignant with the
4 members and felt that should themselves
have been resorted to to elect Hardy
see Madabout party left our Agitation.
with, Hear S.
Brought before Bd. voting of resolution as to pay of cabinet
salary. This had been put into a new stable fallow
exact wording of vote as passed by Bd. I stated
to Bd that no further action by it was required
and if no objection were then offered I should
sign the voucher which I held in my hand.
No one opposed any objection and I therefore
signed voucher and gave it to Willies. Present:
Louis Delano. Harding. Miller & Col.
Thursday Mar 9
Minutes of meeting adjourning till Res Agent delivered. Minute
was added at my suggestion a slight that comes
myself will not interfere to vote either for
or against Hardy on the limited time accorded
for investigation until we refrained from
voting.
Thursday Mar 23
at lunch I gave to Willies on his leaving for Philadelphia
Harding said that he had written the President
Grubergs in cabinet.
