also might be involved, meaning a question in
which the Bed would have to be consulted.
Warburg made several suggested changes
in the letter & struck out reference to actions
by the Republicans.
String said this matter was an open door
to settle when it should arise. He had
not been asked such a question & if ever
had not told the bankers that such action
could be redeemed by the Republicans.
When relating to war bonds, he said the matter, I
had all along felt that the Bed had a right
to have something to say as to the banking
& that, assuming the legality, which I did
not doubt, the bonds should be more
careful about investing in Republican funds a
wholesale war material.
Finally our counsel Harrison advised us that
we had no power to say that members
of war should not be directed. That such a
power, even if given implicitly by Congress, will
be unconstitutional & invalid; that all objections would
be legal; that while we might limit later
amount to be invested in Republican funds
acceptances, we however ended their & the
question of banking was to be permanently
determined & finally determined by the Bed.
27
His bankers. But he gave us this opinion in writing.
July 28. Lord.
At meeting we agreed on a supplemented
letter to Blunt of July 15 amplifying their
views.
This morning, in train from Boston Orleans told
me that yesterday July 27 he went to New
York to see Morgan who was in his yacht
at Marblehead to talk over the matter of
arranging credits to fix conditions to bring for
one of which to them. En String suggested that
plan be arranged by which the bankers of both
draw on American bankers & give bond agree to
invest in United States bonds to 200000000000000000000000000000000
50 millions.
I had intended to leave Blunt on Monday
but Orleans warned that "unfavorable
circumstances" would bring him to Boston
Tuesday & as there would be no government
in Washington I might want to stay over
until Tuesday. I warned I would do so.
Orleans has lost his head on this question
yes very much worried practically as he
sails for Panama Saturday. He ought to
have insisted me to go to Albany with
him but he did not.
