but old only lay down general principles
applicable to this or any other contract. He said
however, accidentally he knew many details
of them himself & told us about it.
1. The French bankers drew on the Arm. for pay. to
their own order & endorsed to Brown Bros as
signericate Agent.
2. Brown Bros discount it & proceeds deposited
to their credit.
3. When a foreign purchaser wants to buy on
l.g. Arm. catt. he goes to French banks.
4. The French bankers in the Court of Munich
check on Brown brokers for audt. not to be
paid except in presence of the documents.
5. Brown Bros pay the checks & send drafts to
French bankers or the Bank of France if it desires
the checks.
6. The accepting bank hold French Arm. notes as
collateral throughout whole transaction
Warburg at once said such agreement of banks was
that no war munition were to be used
financial. Mr. Steig said no such agreement
it was not made specifically to finance
war materials but general purpose of
U.S. but that money largely was munition
might be among the transactions to be
financed but only incidentally.
Warburg then asked that it was a loan to
the French Court. Steig said absolutly no -- the
39
French Court, or rather Bank of France, if it
had checks could do so not as a purchaser
but merely to keep control of the situation
as it had security of French Court that no
Moratorium could be applied and that the
existing prohibition against export of gold
from France would no apply to it. In
addition Mr. Steig said the Bank of France had
agreed to state gold, if necessary, to buy
the acceptors.
Mr. S. added that the contract was made
not for French Court as a purchaser but
for individuals who had brought Arm.
goods.
Finally Warburg agreed it was not a loan to
French Court & was legal if based upon
character.
Mr. Miller then asked that this acceptance
would not be legal & I asked Warb. if he
agreed w. him: he said no and admitted
that a draft drawn by a French bank
was in every way a first class legal
transaction.
Finally Warburg warned that no bank
could make or substitute other acceptance
after the goods were delivered to purchasers
under Reputte I will, endorsed the Embezzle
in drafts drawn by Bender.
