180
Feb 2. 1861.
long meeting 3-6 P.M. demanded Loudings' continued
addition. Delano said did not approve one grain
recommendation but did approve this: said could
obtain any thing wh. clearly involved less
burthen as to East departs & Embs.; that he
should insist on making his report clear in
what
work, so union was officially his but now was
mine Huddings. Hudding said he merely had
redrafted it.
work. lasted for a long time. Said sees no
reason the 15 million debenture bond injured
of its system & interlaced w. market bur
interests wh. was well. but often put Res Cabs
and pure prosperity to support it.
The Secy explained reasons. great emergency
cotton embargoed -- Smith could not be
satisfied w. bond assurance that assets of
the Res system were at disposal of Secy's
bonds; had merely announced firm claims
that he could discount if necessary, before
deporting consulted w. Board; if possible
could have consulted w. Bd before making
announcement but way away.
Secy said letter of debents were in bad
used & work. agreed to this.
Hudding said knew old 15 million added
cotton stock of 800 million ex 2500000000000000000000000000000000
141
Hudding said could not be for him to attack Secy by
helping the South. admitted to Washington he
had written Secy no departs necessary.
all agreed effect was largely physiological.
Sec. explained fully that present law gave him
this right & all agreed to this. Secy said --
checks & balances -- Res Bd old at any time
overruled any action of Sec. a) By reducing;
b) By raising direct rates.
Sec. added no such legislation old necessarily
be enacted & could injure influence of Res
to rival divisions in Bd; would be entertained
as a polite attack on Sec. & Embs.
Sec. asserted that would adduten very promptly
what it wanted -- a direct attack bill. of
East departs.
I made warb. admit that his plan must
act legislature preventing Sec. from entertaining
war in Natl exp departmentes w. out consent
of Res Bd.
I pointed out that such a law would see.
contemptuous of self. Treasury system forever.
Delano said under present law Sec. must
equitably divide departs among the several
states & law could be exact for departs
in Res banks.
Sec. said if any future Sec. should think
departs exclusively to anyone Res
