they all agreed that Bill should ask Fowler to
name the Mr. Robinson directors who were
charged by him to have received personal
profit from discounts by said Robinsons.
The general consensus of opinion was that the
Bill Robinson had refused to discount any securities
whilst the lumber bonds were authorized to
make under Sec. 13, and that we ought
to go ahead relying upon opinion of our
council wh. I told them about
100000000000000000000000000000000
100000000000000000000000
124
Fowler called on me June 28 and explained
his intentions; I told him to butt what he
had to say in writing to which he agreed.
For String was before Bill Board June 20 but
the subject of Fowler claim was not
considered except that I told of my
letter to him adding there was nothing
to do until his petition was received.
For String on board June 28 showed of a plan
by which Truck boys were to draw on
American bankers against exhibits of clothing, boots
shoes, clothing etc of American boys old agree to
give them a line of acceptance cards.
Brown Smith were to represent the Ford boys
and the acceptance when discounted by
some other American boys were to be placed to
their Brown Smith credit. They would pay each
seller by check trusting the Bill of loading &
drafts etc. We could send to the Truck boys
securities in shape of Truck money notes
were to be furnished the accepting boys
and String said Truck Court agreed no
moral American should offer obligation of the
Truck bonds to buy acceptors & that the
prohibition of export of gold from Kansas
should not apply to gold shipped by
the discounters.
We discussed with Committee whether a National
bank could agree to give a line of acceptance
cards & we all agreed it would if cash
draft drawn comprised in Bill Robinson. We
also agreed that National bank could not enter
into a contract to give a new acceptance
or any renewal of old acceptance if it
brought the limit beyond 6 months.
A letter was sent to String as above July 10.
July 16. Sunday.
While in conference at Robinsons in City
String said he had told the bankers as to
our opinion but that he wished we would
omit the reference as to who such acceptance
would be rediscounted by Mr. Robinsons
we had said in the letter that while in
law prisoner String old, a question of holding
