82 matter was in the hands of the courts & that they
had but one chance to do this. We discussed the
for some time & I thought we could not leave
the business to decision fact that he already
had consulted both but the unanimous silent
vote & shape of this to Delano & his committee
that he also knew of this.
I felt that it was not fair to Williams & that
I told him of the referendum to Cutten picked
he had said.
At the meeting on Tuesday, Crouse was asked to
consider all pending redistricting & resignation
matter. I pointed out that we had officially
announced long ago that we should not make
any more changes in the work of the Res.
Secy. Clay Crouse said that each case must depend
on the working of experience. Dr. Miller found
the appointment & after some discussion
all agreed that this was correct.
A Crouse was also asked to consider amendment to
the Act -- they were willing to put in on this
Courts but I felt that it could be better to put
entire responsibility on them and suggested
that Delano had given much consideration to
this & still leave on it & this was adopted.
I am satisfied that they intend to recommend
cutting down the districts to 8 & that they have
banded together for this & rather than for
at meeting today they also declined Williams off
of our Court. I think Crouse in admission of St. Peter
83 or ground that Williams did not give the me
time to this work. I said I thought it
not expedient but Harding assisted with
much earnestness & I was so voted.
Harding was very indignant at being called to
account by see Meadows for his action in refusing
to attend the N.Y. meeting at the sub hearing,
but he did not hesitate to call me to account
for my daring to write Harding favoring ground
to N.Y. He called his presence to every state by
acclamation. I replied to him equally emphatically
my reasons but well have been justified in
writing pretty sharply. (Sec'y 78)
He also called me to account on this item, on
burden of accept. regulations.
Act 29. Tuesday
Only this week the Bd voted to drop Lewis from
the manuscript of terms of in ground that he
never called meetings & did not attend to his
work. I advised consulting W. Briest but was consulted
later Lewis came in & Miller told him nothing
had been done and in default a machine could
make unintentionally. Then Lewis wrote two
short letters to Bd.
Finally at next meeting Bd decided to drop
all references to removal as W. Briest writes
letter requesting form Thomas but later
another requesting form 2 courts but said
nothing about St. Louis of who he is
since a member.
While Harding sat of Lewis worked to retain
these letters in the files they would also
tell members of their own. I asked him
