a single figure to justify them : that before voting
upon which a report, not must have the figures
of parts when it was built.
I assured wh. Court had interested in, every interest
including Texas
Houston id be lost interest in. one of his Senators
as to the political effect of cutting down
no. of red Reserves.
The question thus arose, in some way, wh. any of
Corpus had interested in Houston. all denied thus
is except Miller who remained silent. Some then
said, am I right in understanding that no
one has talked of Texas w. Houston? Miller made
no reply.
Del. also said declarados had told some one-
unanswerd - lifted out of bed. Reserves would be
abolished - and he added unattenuingly - they
would deny it!
After lunch I went to Gray Meadows between W.
Williams & told him whole proceedings.
He declared a letter - in copy in folio - & added
next Monday our meeting stating he looked my
results for further evidence would be news.
-sidewind.
In the morning the Bot 4-2 voted to lay
this matter on the table. Del. id at this
morning time - at meeting Monday the Corres
would give all details assured for last reference
to do it now
4.30 P.M.
Adjourned meeting
Corpus moved that in view of interest
importance of this question that excepting Corpus
was a strong. Should be present to listen down
every word; as no one could second, I did.
Certainly there was another Committee - Del.
said if Bot could vote that Kentucky will have
-volunteers should be taken down by strong, he had
no objection but he violently opposed this
motion passed from his name. Lewis said Corp.
might call for a short & it was done.
to have an accurate record. Would send something
to effect that Bot should refuse such a request.
I assured him to repeat it the Bot if could resist.
a bad precedent to give such infinites to Congress
number Houston moved to take this motion on
strong. Bot was voted 4 to 2.
Would to reconsider vote on to my Result.
I voted he did not want this motion as he
had voted in favor of abolition on morning.
No one moved & matter was left in allegiances.
State District moved reconsideration in order to give
copy of one Allegiance to me but that was
voted down, and it was voted to reconsider.
Then another vote followed & again the
Result was voted 4 to 2.
Del. so again Corpus would give all infinites
at meeting when matter was discussed but
declined to give out advance infinites "to
be shot at"
Del. also id we had limited course immediately
were not asking in good faith, even not
honest - Pittsburging. Playing for delay.
I said it was wrong any member felt like
