irrespective of the Re election.
Finally Delano moved that the whole matter
be indefinitely tabled & it was so voted unanimously.
Later it was agreed that if City En. O'Malley
should not have sufficient votes to
Redesignate pet Re election - apart from changes in
Delin's favor - we should ask City En's opinion.
Mr. Washington then spoke for several minutes saying that
we worked to go on record w. firm unchangeable
belief that the pet. Re system could not succeed
within 1/2 Banns & that they ought to be cut down
to 8000.
We complained believing that we had declined
to ask City En's opinion on questions concerning
interest of State Office and in Numerality.
This was entirely wrong. I am satisfied
that neither must have told Council that he
could vote against them & that this was
done for the purpose to table.
I, of course, will throw my Resolution on to the
pending Petition when the matter is tabled
wholly matured.
We had some discussion over American Institute
Washington returned to Illinois and was opposed to
granting it because the Institute was fitted up.
Del. agreed to this but said that to grant
it would greatly weaken Illinois. I myself
agreed with Del. but said that a statue had been
erected which represented the city. Comer
said why we are seeking to overturn that
127
statue but the burden of proof to show injury
under it and on the grounds in question had in all
probability represented little if at all in itself
injury could be shown; also that this policy had
been officially announced in May by unanimous vote
of Board.
We also discussed Clearings. Mr. Corbett of
City En. favored a mandating system based upon
decreed debt to debt but could not recommend
it unless City En. could announce that it was
mandating in law. Elliott & Patton had said
we did not but in a mandating system.
I said I thought the opinion was wrong. Wash.
was very mad - said if any one tried a plan
to prevent it now - was mad at me. Oliver
smacks in letter about Clearings & seemed
to think it was carried at him & I had
interfered it. I told him I am. Oliver had not
mentioned Clearings to me & this seemed to
mollify him. I also said I had told Oliver
before but that either I was most radical
member of City En. Clearings & old not say
we had gone ahead in part as horrible;
that we had had to explain many vital
allergys & we all wanted to find outlet.
Leach suggested a letter strongly advocating
profound system & favoring making City,
containing any one declining to count in, a
Reveue City thus increasing interest; also
putting any one declining to count in on a
black list etc.
also discussed increased regulation on whom such measure, of
State Tax Assessors - I insisted, out current assessments -
Leach was very angry.
