90 carried. His right would be out that whole system
of system defended in good will of public. Other
of thing would inlaid they could receive no vote.
debunts of gold and we did not answer it so that
in future large demands for exchange could leave
us helpless. His evident intention it to elect majority
of Red Res Bns & prevent the from any complete
or humble loss
high showed this up. set up ourassed not to go
into other right for from loss could be offended -- now
we are asked to buy back all in cash. but secure
reason where will it end?
Miller should well. pointed out that on this side to
ask our consent to law could be admission that present
abnormal condition were usual normal condition?
that Res loss were surely intelligences -- to meet
whole matter for intelligence.
even Person agreed could be fully now to give for
such result
working as civil, willing to whole whole system
to please member use.
at many session we voted to permit U. C. L. Bank
Rk to buy state Bns accepts in open market, leave
about voting against it. He said if dear shield be
in form of a general result, open to all. I agreed
to give & would such a Result (wh. work. of money
did not want)
finaally we decided our business to try matter out
by giving permission to U. C. L. & later consider question
as a general Result.
Would Secretary Brown or Harding for Secretary
his services, and, I think, in good name why would Mr
Harding send was directly contrary to the major-
ity he & would, opposed against my honest
point
Nov.6. Sat.
at meeting voted unanimously to send Result
working open most present of St. Bn Recievs
received by commiss's. even work. voted on
it either alcalal. in opposition to his majority
about. Success.
Thomas Work. realizes that this latter act driven
off Red Res Bns in favor of charging large
hint of cash. led in to Red Res Bns and backing
in part that whole system defends an good
cause of humble loss -- all leave down by
slaying -- has kept him at bay in record time
is secured.
Nov.8. Monday
Williams told me Harding told him that Cornell in
reconstructing did not agree -- that Washington wanted to
army Nor Alabama to Cleveland district and Harding
opposed this.
Give Meador letter & plans of N. Y. bank for new
quarters -- Meador ed wild be very sorry to leave
up front quarters now rented from his friend
Henry Fish. Williams -- who agreed w. all of us
this other day as to advice, of change, this Pd
said to me Meador -- other things being equal --
looked no change could be made, because of his
cordial relations w. Henry Fish
