July 28. Friday.
Attie Delano was in my office several times and
was at Board meeting he never addressed to my
attention in any way.
At meeting this am see. Madden, in rather before
the meeting, see. President Madden had
conference w. Harding Delano respectively.
In view of obstruction of Ketchem to collecting
St. Bx checks through the P. C. I. a brave
discussion was had. Madden suggested that
Burlison, in view of the doubt therein in
his authority to issue order, ask an opinion
from Attie Elan. This was agreed to and
see it went to cabinet meeting. Later the
obstruction to Board would not agree
to it as he felt he had the power
then we decided, Madden informed, to ask
Burlison to suspend the order pending
completition of arrangements for banking in
latter must insurance in Portmeridian.
[The first letter to Burlison was Thursday &
Delano was not present. Burlison said
Harding had intimated to Ketchem that he
did not approve of order. Harding rather
wisely desired this - explained him in
most cordial Ketchem time he did would the
order by making all checks pay in
1. V.F. although minus regular rates.
at conference Friday am. I suggested Delano should be
called in who was absent.
At post Harding said if St. Bx checks not at
once collected small Nat. Box - at post Secy.
would be drawn out of system by the completion;
later he said we old suspended such collection
for the present without any new collection system.
Finally I was instructed, at board meeting, Madden
being present to let Ketchem Killen & see summarily
1. Bd. had asked Burlison to suspend order
pending completion of arrangements by
Thursday P. Martins.
2. that arrangements could not be completed
for fun 30 to 60 days.
3. Mention Cornice on Clearys could be placed
to them from Killen or any other interested
cit. made them of all he said.
28th telephoned on directed to both stand
silence
Harding suggested Delano permitting small stores
who. old not join system to make deposits
in this Box for Clearys purposes, and
also said they might be allowed to change
a reasonable exchange in their checks
agreed to consult them as to whole
matter.
Debt 3.15 for towns house, Blue Ridge
summit but first sent telegraph to see
