August 6. Sunday.
Read tentative letter-Miller objected
repeatedly - said Warburg & Ell. should be
called back to consider it. Finally we
voted to send a copy tentatively to W. &
seey & call meeting later, Miller objectly.
I suggested sending draft of tentative letter
to Rev Slings to be sure it met the exact
getston urged by him but Miller objected.
date of remembrance I had told Harman
he could send his opinion to him. Then told
him to get back from P.O. or write Slings to
place it unopened.
Finally we all went Miller agreed that
I did write Slings the exact legal guest
as we understood it to be sure we were
making no mistakes & I drafted & Harding
signed & sent this letter.
Later Harding said Miller was very angry
& was intimated that we could keep away
from our meetings to break a quorum.
Finally Harding and I agreed that a meeting
should be called for Monday Aug 16 to
formally settle gueston & I so ordered and
went to U.S. W. thru Harding.
33
Aug 10. Monday.
Harding called me from N.Y. and he
went over to meet Slay McAdoo who was
there; Sd McAdoo was very angry w. Miller
and fully approved of our proposed
letter to Rev. Slings; that if we, the Slay,
would advise Campbell to sign and send
this letter alone - as it was really wholly
within his Jurisdiction; he said Slay could
call me on September at 12.30. I asked
Harding what we had better do in view
of Rev Slings shut that matter old not
wait until Monday and asked if he could
form calling a meeting on N.Y. tomorrow. He
said yes & advised me to ask the Slay.
I called up Slt. Sec. Ht. at Sub Treasury N.Y. He
fully approved tentative letter and
slightly favored meeting on N.Y. tomorrow.
Said he probably did not attend but
wrote a strong letter favoring our tentative
letter to Rev Slings. He was very bitter w.
Miller & said he understood fully what
was behind his attitude. I told him what
Harding told me & he said he considered
Miller could only to break a quorum by
staying from meetings - implying that he
could know what to do in such event.
