just about, etc. to put in it definite plan on
abolishing Revenue Districts &c -- that Willis had
talked with him as to advisability of
this & had spent at one time over an hour
arguing in favor of the general plan of
cutting down -- which Willis absolutely
despised with.
In subject of legal question which, on other
day they could have brought to Houston
matter foratty has opened up of course
they could not care to do anything with
might etc. Court proceedings Willis
opened to this & said nothing had prevented
to quiet now at meeting said he did not
care if legal proceedings did result
w. leviable for a few weeks.
The men I have the more satisfied for
that there was a deliberate conspiracy to
join through this redistribution before Congress
could meet.
Willis also told me up the trouble w Dr Langston.
Said he was cited by bankers associate Chicago N.Y.;
that he was cited to write the bank on Sunday
& wrote 7/10 of it Dr L. inserting himself as to
State Res. Committee Boss; that Dr L. made many
suggestions to Kansas & Kansas; that he thought
unconstitutionally Dr L. had given Kansas to believe
that as an old leather of Willis he old demanded
his service. That neither expressed draft of Bill on
Kansas Court; that Dr L. got Kansas to use him
general thing he was working on of considerable
interest & asked if he old draw a Bill down
his service Kansas said yes; that Dr L. then drew
a Bill of which Willis has a copy; that the
Kansas bill was not founded in any way
upon Dr L's bill; that there were careful men
to build Admixture law when any been presented
by special banking interest; that Dr L wrote
Willis asking for copy of Admixture law must
matter related he old not on the had been
outbidden to disclose it to any one; that
this made Dr L. very angry; that later a
Chicago banker (either Hurlbut or Harwell)
states publicly that Dr L's Act was based
on Dr L's bill; that Willis at once wrote
during this.
also said N.Y. crowd tried to have Kansas
forward from Court, also to have Willis
named as expert -- that the Nat City Bk
was sued in Austin in March. Lent the declined
to have anything to do with it; that they
induced Corn. or Sen. Court to summon him
& he appeared & showed by courts
that Admixture Bill was not founded
on Dr L's or any other Bankers bill.
He said N.Y. crowd, which, brought
every person who -- on to central the
