Nov. 15, Thursday.
went thru one of the most disagreeable days I
have ever experienced.
Met at 11 am. The docket was preceded with
and finally Del. reported for Cause in Redistricting.
Del. stated that Redistricting asserted that discussion
be postponed until the old meet w. the cause
as he was then almost overwhelmed with
political entanglement at death of his son in law
and pressure of his annual Report. Del. asserted
when the old meet w. us -- I said certainly not
until the last of the week.
Del. got very ugly. So the case was in Court --
knew all about the general question had brought
time to leave it over w. others not in Bed and
moved for a special meeting tomorrow to continue
the matter & vote upon it.
Wm & I explained that a copy of the Report
had been given to us only late Sat. I'll admit
that some time still be given us to study
it. Del. asserted that much time we wanted.
I said I would give out work and that
I had had it and was publishing a Report
asking Cause to proceed further stating in detail
what the facts & experiences were who were
required to in Robert on rule. Then conclusion
was heard; also what figures had been
haphazard as to saving an opinion its the
desired adjectivity could accomplish; also
whether Cause had considered Illinois alone
that we had no power to reduce no of
the Resolves & etc. any other opinion had been demanded
by cause & if yes that they be given to the Board.
I said that was not yet ready as I had decided
it only this time but would proceed it as soon
as ready; that if Del voted that this infirmity
be established, there of course it be no meeting
tomorrow or until infirmity was satisfied.
subsequently out of a clear sky Miller blasted out
that it was evident that certain members of
this Bed had thrown an evident wish to delay
consideration of this matter by obstinacy it at
every slight & that it made them inclined to vote
for cause report which they agreed to every detail
of it or not. Del. then still be suspected that
we were endeavoring to delay matters & were
not desirous of an honest discussion.
I then asked Dr Miller if he did not think
that Wm & I were entitled at least to as
much time to consider this vital question
as had already been given to other members
of the Court. He denied this indignantly &
I but him further question when he finally
admitted that he had frequently discussed
the subject w. the Court, had helped them
materially in framing their Report, and in
answer to question from Wm be finally
admitted that he had written a material
part of this Report.
I then arose Del. etc. the Court had not
