240
Ev St. pointed out that this regulation merely
curved eligibility for redemption by 1st Rev bars
and had nothing to do with power of bearer
but was only given now before me.
He also said that this regulation even as to 1st
Rev bars was an absurd one & should be waived
as it seemed to imply that Benders already
drawn documentary drafts which however
warb. strenuously denied. I said it plainly
refused to drafts drawn by bars on this country
or exports but warb. denied this.
[This clause of I was added while I was
in West.]
Harding & Williams had left before this late
loop place.
Finally Warburg claimed that no Nat. cargo had
power to renew or substitute a draft after
the goods were delivered.
We said our letter to Ev St. of this was settled
this
warb. sued Campbell. never intended to make
any such ruling. The matter was discussed
and Dr Miller and Wilkes said Harding had
talked over this with him & clearly intended
that our letter should bear that interpretation.
I begged warb. to hurry the discussion as
I had to leave at 5 for the boat. He
prescribed however in going over it often
41
and again in most lucidly fashion. evidently hoping
that I would leave at 5 and the meeting
with Brooks etc. would determine what the
letter to Stringer really meant.
Ev St. said in warb. interprete of Rev I
no draft etc. ever be received for an vast
majority of cases a documentary bill is
accepted in its earliest stages and the
documents shipped by the Acceptor when the
gives up the documents today either as
trust receipt, some other collateral or if the
workers -- and what is very often done -- without
taking any receipt or security but surely
trusting the purchasers. On Warburg's theory also
even if collateral were taken the Bill could
not be returned.
Finally I became convinced that warb.
was fighting against time relying on Wilkes
not being there and on my leaving at 5
and as Ev St. said Brown must cable
today, I gave up any idea of taking the
boat & demanded the last cab waiting for
me.
I then announced that the question of
interpretation of our letter was a vital
one & that Ev St. could give no answer
to Brown until we settled what the
letter really meant; that if any member
