at dinner in Jap. emb. very dancing and quite a
talk w. me as to Germany: internal matters
were very near a break and that it was only
a question of time by Bismarck could be given
his criminal judges. It be must be an attack
fasts on to recent barbarities of "Englishmen"
and "Society".
Trill. after 4
Has C. Re Banks asked permission to raise certain rates
from 4 1/2 to 4 1/2 1/2. Have no reasons.
Delano & Harding fawmed. Some huckers & R. advised
w. out Kansas given.
Delano admitted track would be run in Kansas but had
not received reply.
Has set the favored reason even to shut off
directs in order to protect large interests
on East bonds.
Matter held up to await letter.
Later on day letter read. So the Bill rates
were from 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 below rates at col.
price was blasted by Revenues city rates in
Kansas district; Missouri would not shut off
interstate -- could probably maintain it.
Harding & ex-owners of Bill interested in
United States Re devise rates out of Kansas
w. interstates, reduced rates of Kansas too;
that hauling of rates could have no
effect on interstates rates or customers
215
rates, but could give Bill a margin for further
reduction if later it wanted e.g. to make
lower rates effective.
Later Delano brought in proposed telegraph saying
Bill was in doubt but could permit Missouri
tentatively, to be lowered in 2 or 3 weeks if
interstate mails in opinion of Bill justified. Then
I said, varying very little on Hardings slant,
it would agree if terms would.
Terms however could not agree.
Delano rushed terms w. not & said Clyde terms
must decide it tomorrow.
With. after 5.
Meeting Clyde. Emery -- ex-off. Miller & Harding.
Miller said he firmly believed rates should be
measured in air Re prices but did not
give reason given by Has C. Banks.
Harding put very mad -- attacked Miller --
so he threw in, had noticed his sureness of
and prejudice on Bills in general and
that he could publicly denounce him
& will defend the Bill if this conduct
cut it. So if he believed all rates should
advantage be still transmit these rates
to be advertised wh. he hoped the
particular reasons given by Has C. in not.
finally Miller agreed to vote favorably when
see. Allen said he had already told us that
on matter of Delanos see. he had already
sent this telegraph. This order was given yesterday
9.15
