298 would be of great political injury if it
became known during the campaign. I
agree as to this but feel that great weight
must be given to the economic side of this
and judgment of N.Y. directors that this
should be entered into now even this
no action taken under it for present.
Even Warburg agreed that if not entered
into now the Bank of England could be
not allowed as the terms were very
favorable to us & we might not be able
to get as good terms in the future.
Delanoe was especially insistent as to
the
Warburg said also that the Brown Bear Syndicate was
guaranteed by much loot all this we were told
at the time the Jewish Bank merely agreed
that gold old be exported of necessary under
it; he said latter statement was not true.
Delanoe insisted that before consulting State
Debt we should vote on the April. I thought
this was very foolish but Warburg
always was entitled
299
Aug 30. told.
Harding made attempt w. State Debt for tomorrow
even. Also appointed Delano in Sec. N.Y. place.
In afternoon I advised Harding to call up
Debt in telephones. He did this in my presence.
at 4pm very thought we should cancel our
attempt w. N.Y. Dept. of the Treasury w. him.
He said that made by Curtis Committee of
N.Y. Bank that he achieved this April was
not correct; he did not know enough
about it to accomplish it; in any event, he
thought it should not be accomplished now;
he at first opposed giving to State Debt
although his letter of Oct. well informed just
not a copy strongly opposed this; finally
he said perhaps it was better to do it.
Later Harding asked me to see Downing
in advance & advise him to give me
immediate answer until he could
carefully study the question himself w.
cabinet. told him w. Williams & he felt
I ought not to do this.
We tracked copies of the vote that
we humbly in favor of the April
vote was as follows:-
Present for minutes of a special meeting
of N.Y. Bd held 2.30 P.M. Tuesday
Aug 29. 1816.
The following resolution was offered
by Mr. Warburg opposed by by Mr.
