see. Mr. also informed to lack of harmony bet¬
ween the Republican and Democratic parties in the Senate. He told him
that he had spoken to me about this last
summoned at White Sulphur Springs W. Va.
He thought it could be used wisely on
being to be collected here and how soon
he should speak would depend - that he had
not yet moved his family to Richmond.
see. Mr. said he would take to other members
about this.
Williams acknowledged in saying that see. Mr.
had talked with them but with no very
satisfactory result.
Williams called & said his position was most
humiliating; that they had nothing to do
with him & advocated to himself all the
promotions of the Board, and hardly ever
invited him with courting. He said that
if the Govt was absolutely supreme and
that the Republican party was in the minority of a
12 or 1300 clerk their conduct was useless.
Also said his position was most humilia¬
ting & that no man of self respect
could or would stand it.
I advised him to take seriously in. Delano
and Harding
Glass came in today - said he was very much
disturbed as to conduct in Board - that it
acted as no veracity or strength - that the
Boarders laughed at it & did not even
respect us; that we should have put in
a clearing system long ago etc. I said we
would have had it not been for McColl
& Coltons opinion - he said they were no
lawyers. I told him if the City Commissioners
had not been in the Board they would have
been in the Board. He said he would go ahead. He said
he did not believe it - that working
stools could hold us back. I said
wait & see! He said he thought Delano
was honest but his surroundings had
been such that he failed to frank the
interests of the people against the
Board.
He said the interest of congress was to
give us mandatory power - I said I
agreed and said they had given us
such power but our 2 councils said
No. I then said - go to the City Commissioners
of Kansas it to him - also asked what
he would say if City Commissioners
had not in fact given us this power. He said
that we would have to go to Congress
