152
was surely this - that I felt I ought to consult
the Secy ofState having an interview which, if
known, certain critics might claim to be
official, at least such a thought never had
entered either of our heads. I felt somewhat
strongly as to this because of a feeling on my
part that Warburg ought not to have had
any talks w. Dr. Albert, (in essence) involving
any matter which directly or indirectly might
have to do w. matters which might come
before the Board.
I felt also that none of my colleagues might
meet my strong point in any interviews
with, by any human possibility, might be
even shunned, strongly, to put the San. Bd. on
an ignominial position.
Up to the present time, the Board has never
been consulted nor taken any part in any
matters relating to foreign events & I believed
it was wise to stick to this course.
I then called up Sec Meadow. at first he
saw no objection to their calling but finally
he agreed with me that on the whole it
was better not to have any such interviews
as if ever brought out by investigation in
Congo or otherwise, would or might
incriminate some explanation.
153
He suggested that I come in the Ambassador
and explain to him that such an interview
might possibly letin Embarrass him and
therefore I thought it better to forego it. I
just as we were leaving last night the
ambassador spoke of the cotton situation
and said that Sec. (but not under name)
was still here, in case there should be
any further break in cotton; he also spoke
of the skilfulded work of Mr. Harding had done
to relieve the situation. I made no reply.
Not a word was said at the dinner about
Sec Pullil's work except that in a casual way
I said - how are your matters progressing &
he said very satisfactorily.
During the dinner Sec Cecil told MrH that he
had called up Ant Sec. Philiberts at State Dept
and asked him whether he understood
Ant Sec. Petters, and that Philiberts said
that I did. I took out Lady Strong Rich
and Sec Cecil look out Bertie; I was hurt
in Lady S's left & Petters on her right but
Lady S. said she somewhat mixed up
her ladies to keep Bertie & twiries away from
out another. Bertie sat in Sec Cecil's right
