have copies of all reports.
Sept 16 Thursday
This Am. the cause of Iowa came to letter w. Mr Elan
& spent morning with him. While in conference there
came a letter from Mr Carlton giving the opinion that
a fed. Res boni old not secure a check in a State
bank from a member bank for any hundreds except
collection. also an opinion that the fed. Res Boni cannot
not require member banks to permit their checks
to be paid by fed Res boni out of their reserve
deposits or to make a balance with them for
their account.
I sent this down to Warburg who showed it to
Clem & the Court. The cause of progress was being
made & thought in time the voluntary system
would work satisfactorily.
Warburg came in while I had the opinion, I
said nothing about it as I suspected he
knew about it but he did not mention it.
Later Willis said Warb. told him that he
had a copy. He candidly thought I would
cancel it from the Elan conference.
Later Willis came in and said if any one had a copy
Warburg did not understand.
We also came, voted to defer the open
market regulations until Delano returned,
I have heard Federal Board say minority
about and drafts of regulations.
Warburg then insisted on meeting the Iowa
to our meeting -- I demanded that Harding
joined in this request and we insisted
that
in the afternoon they came in -- As the Douglas
and Further.
After some discussion of the commodity schedules
etc. they both opposed, we asked them about
coming their opinion. Mr Douglas said Chicago was
about meeting its obligations & further said
Cleveland was not. He said assured further with
this did not show that Cleveland did not
need a separate bank and this seemed to
favorable him.
I then asked further if the box in the district
would have to be assumed for the deposit
the said no. I then asked if we had two
open market powers to buy certificates bills
if that might not help can the options, He
said yes and that he favored such regulation.
Mr. Douglas said the large banks might
not object to an amount but the small ones
would. He said further, in open market would
authoritize the member banks.
My hosts agreed however that the power
should be given to the banks by appropriate
regulation.
Warb. seemed distressed at their remarks
and told us we would have from the
banks shortly.
Boston offered for afternoon a 3 1/2 % commercial
rate & some one made accommodation. On
my motion the commercial rate was held
up to await report from S. Hous. Board.
bought it. Harding said we had sent
through the 3 1/2 rate on the South and we
had better drop the matter and say
that our consent could not be depended
