would agree - proving amending law to permit
Members up to twelve to vote in their
committees. He said the Board absolutely ministers
at a committee of doing this - upon giving out an
immediate statement to the public; that a
Case was about to break out and later Mr
Wadlow, after some minor changes agreed to it.
Williams said he was sorry Wadlow considered
so much as he had agreed to a statement
in effect that, when there was any Vote
up in a Foreign country, Mr. Ross was told not
to establish agreement there - which to him seemed
was a fatal mistake.
W. also said that Cotton told them at Washington
House that the whole Country was laughing
at the Resolution it was so dominated by the South
This afternoon I sent Harding a letter w. regard
to the vote of N. Cal. Branch courts for courts. To
hurrah here in when must State be accelerated.
Harding by letter had already intimating that
it might be possible to amend the Select. Report
to prevent the (exactly the reverse of his point
in his majority speech). I favored such an
amendment & accord. wrote to him Harding who
replied rather generally but not at all against
it. Later wrote to when I sent a copy wrote
a rather offensive letter among others I could
have written such a letter, expecting as it would
obviously among the members would send it
usefully to him. I am now
to show alacrity of Hardings. Should, may, expect that the Resolution does
not await answer to press here down. Will it remain in Ohio? -- Atlanta was
assured to have a vote passed for Cleveland & Ohio. I think, have heard they
formalized it; also for Albany wrote me appeared but that at that
have been an opinion of a Republican majority of a letter.
then Mr. Harding also gave out a copy of his
letter saying of the acceptance regulations in which
he utterly attacks Williams himself for an
sudden change of views. It is studiously
insinuating. He carefully refrains from attacking
Harding who has constantly changed in this
and every other question but he says in effect
that Harding knew the press better or nothing
about acceptance & was willing to abide
by his Washington judgment! About that I
consider any attacks on me must be considered
mad!
He lets Miller off very lightly altogether has
acted like a weather vane in the whole
subject. He is evidently ready most w. Williams
himself and perfectly implicit that we were
unbureled by small independent voters.
He utterly ignores the opinions of common as to
our acceptance & drafts which have been
or may be used for making or effecting; also
the other day convinced that I do not use an
but rather that we have no power to control
is which our acceptance.
I shall move an explanatory that must
exist here to have nobody.
act 20 heard.
A Mr. Brown, representing Iowa, called me on
late time at house. Said have topics build out on
great citizen wanted to submit a business
proposition in connection with a book about to be published
called Reh. Men in America or some such letter. He wanted
an interview. I said -- too busy, but write me and
I will give herewith instruction to represent subject.
In about 52 for more considering 48 20 meeting.
