20 in them to require the results looked for by the
Conference. The Court consisted of myself, Mr
Frank Vanderbilt, and John Bennett Clark. Let
me this evening went over the Roberts
and suggested the immediate appointment
of a Secretary of the armed joint high
Court. The question arose as to funds pending
appropriation by Congress. Vanderbilt said he
would give $100000 for this ultimate delivery
to the Chamber of Commerce of the U.S.
He also said he would undertake to raise
all money etc. to send the U.S. delegates
to S. America.
May 29. Saturday
More and I saw Secy Maddox; he said there
might be something left over from the
appropriation which would be available for
the Secy's salary so that it would not be
use to attempt to raise any outside funds
for doubled its property any way. I
if planned this to take Preedit of the Ch.
Com. of U.S. He said the Chamber had the
necessary funds without any subscripts
and would be glad to defray expense of a Secy
if we in the future stood calm when he
May 30. Sunday
attended breakfast given to delegates
by Art Sec. Peters.
In coming the Villanova of the Chilman
delegates took such a with me.
21
May 30. Monday
sent the delegates off for Annapolis.
Andrew Peters told me Sec. Maddox
thought the Fed. Res. Bd ought themselves
to pay for the tea the Bd gave to the
delegates. Before sending out the invitations
I saw Peters and he said this tea was
a proper charge against the appropriation
of Congress and that the Court would send
out all the invitations. As a matter
of fact the Board merely lent its
name and the Court invited whomever
it pleased.
I called Secy Maddox on the telephones
and he said the Board had better
pay it as otherwise there might be
a political attack & I told him I
would arrange it.
I do not see any reason for this
feeling as part of the Secy. It would
be just as proper to charge the expenses
of the dinner he gave the delegates
sat coming in his own name.
Evidently the Secy hardly considered the
Preserve Board as a part of the Admin-
istration -- I am fearful their will be
prejudice in the future on their status.
