198
later in P.H. Long. He called me in telephoned
said the decision might injure him politically
but he could stand it; asked me to write
Whitfield, N.Haven, that he had not suggested
hanging over Fairfield County alone. I said this
was true, but if I did it Whitfield would
think he was responsible for it. He said
this was true & asked me not to do it.
He seemed pleased with the result.
Sunday, Feb 27
No. Anderson telephoned & said he had been
asked to ask me if I would testify to Brandless
institute as also Andrew Peters and Charles
Warren.
I said I would gladly do this if he wanted
it and suggested that it might be more
profitable for him to have it omitted
to bring 5 witnesses only & if he would
be sure the Adams it would exhort him
to charge that he did not find Sam
Bastin. He said this was exactly in accord
with his judgment & he had already said
it could be most profitable.
He asked if I would telephone in
City. I told him I would not.
I told him Louisville business was in
town & favored Brandless & that he
would be an ideal man. He said he would
see him at meal and asked me to do nothing
about that until he telephoned me.
Monday Feb 28
Anderson telephoned he had seen Warren
& told me to have no further action unless I
heard from him; also asked me to telephone
him. I got this late in P.H. & telephoned
Sam. Haller office as he requested and he
had sent
Tuesday Feb. 29
Field at Illinois. Post Cen. Burdick said Brandless
would be confirmed by vote of 2 to 1; that
Sen. Lodge had announced he would
vote for him; that Lodge was really
opposed to him but could not dare to
vote against him because of his election
as Senator.
At meeting today Illinois at first opposed
posthumous appointment of post of Corn. Allen to
await election as it would give me an
indirectment to posthumous election in order
to block election while he treated it as a
just, & really unlawful.
I generally said I was sorry he had such
an opinion of me -- that I had always been
one of the most enthusiastic members
in town of election.
