168
from billiard.
I asked Houston about Kennedy -- said he knew him
well -- a man of highest character -- and nothing
in these charges. His attachment had been for
about nine days ago & was well received. No
charge ever brought against him.
See Meade's grave division this evening to see the Rev. Reed
present: Genl. Houston -- Genl. Swann -- Genl. Elan
to do. Better not in light of Meade and Genl
Swann in his respect. I was next to Genl
Swann. Genl Meade told me to go on to Genl
Reed's office in cabinet as that was my
seat. This put me between Genl Elan & Genl Genl
Roosevelt.
At meeting today I objected to clause on annual
about appropriation justifying Rev. Vanderbilt in
not making up himself 250 millions at 2 1/2 % to earn interest & diversions.
Have notice would understand resolution that
uses = preferred to earn interest and to earn
given 5 millions for this purpose would have
inexpensable effect when this 527 millions from
caused last year by Nat. banks.
at dinner Genl Meade said his position was
influenced by pettiness in economy and by women
support: must see him often in the house toward
his awful aggrandizement.
169
Sunday June 16
E. A. Krantzoff of Kansas City called in evening, said he
wished to protest against having the Illinois made
debate. did not expect at Kansas City; that while his
present standing was admittedly slight, yet an
investigator of his early years would show
it to be erroneous; that in 1872 he was on
a ballot committee who helped to
disgraceful neglect and that while Genl
Reed was Mayor, he entertained certain
habeas petition -- 2 thousand telegrams -- which
he heard and later sold at large
profit to the City; that it involved
scandals; that he was willing to go before
our Board and state their true opinion.
June 17.
Today Board meeting word Krantzoff said.
much discussion as to whether Illinois
had had banking interests, wanting
so why he had or not, he had
heard most other States & he could
vote for him as Illinois was clearly
not up to this standard. I suggested
that we ought to investigate Krantzoff
charges, but in view of the numerous
testimonies, especially by the leading
bankers, in his favor, the Board
thought this unnecessary and voted
