disturbed & called Mosher in, Mosher said it was
difficult. Rich had it and Dr Miller said
acted as if he had never seen it before.
Miller added it was evident to him that Mosher
had written both letters. Rich said he meant
intended to inform the Board and myself of
the Jewish Trunners floating about & that
of course he did not believe them. Miller
said he told him of that and his
method of expression was very faulty.
Rich also said Mosher had suppressed slants
which would otherwise have appeared in
the Press.
Miller said evidently the Men, Bank and
Decker were trying to swamp our Board.
Finally Rich suggested writing and asking
permission to withdraw two letters.
Dr Miller said, if I would agree, he would
write Rich that he would make this
request.
I said that the charge was against the
Board and us all; that if Rich were
to write such a letter I would not
object if he & my associates wanted
this done -- that it was a matter for
him to determine.
I said if the letter were not withdrawn
I should probably deem it my duty to
send a copy to the Insurance Commission
& leave them to take up the matter with
Rich.
Dr Miller begged me not to do this as it
would result in Rich's resignation or
removal and the Publicity will injure
the First Reinsurance.
Finally I informed that the attack was
on the Board & whatever my associates
felt was best I should offer no
objection to.
I added that if Rich had intimatied that I
had in any way been influenced in my
vote by the pressure of embezzlement I
should have demanded an investigation by
the Senate Committee.
Dr Miller said he was distressed w. Rich. that
evidently he depended on Mosher to do
even his bidding for him.
He added that he should vote against
transferring this territory to Chicago as it
would cripple the Main Bank.
I explained to him that he would trust
to indirect men. Nelson to intervene thus
showing on his part a desire to delay
holidays. He said probably would
say that they did this to concentrate
the Jewish delegates
