of currency putting two fortunes under Del. Rev. Act.
at end of meeting Del. asked full expression of
opinion as to anything which ought to be done to
strengthen the system against possible tampering
at close of Civil War.
He immediately looked some cold subject matter
down No one but no one suggested such
a thing either the whole subject was discussed
at some length. Force attacked alone most
power & said the success complete accomplished
& instated the Board.
adv. Linnard voted 6 to 3 favoring returning
2/3 of cash. passage to the Bank. Irving, Gray &
Archibald opposed vigorously.
Irving said could be extremely doubtful & cold
reason the Bys.
Del. said he doubted advisability of at
least part of them were strong arguments in
favor of it.
[Sir, words, speech at Miami permitted me give in Fin. Committee
favoring returning material part of paid in capital and
deprecating any attempts to make expense by
compromise w. Merchant accounts.]
111
Forty, old.
guests before meeting Sec. Mill. sent for me and
said Delano said I did not quite know quite
accurately & Miller also said same and said I
should have been more careful.
At meeting I stated that I had told Sec. Mill. what
had occurred and of the changes brought against
him by Delano & Miller -- that I nearly drove my
heart to do so but as they were made at a
regretful meeting of Bill I felt it my duty to do so.
Delano said he did not remember saying Sec. had
told same me that we had been abolished &
Miller said he did not know Sec. Mill. but said
he understood that a member of the Board
had suffered the attack of the Board and
that Delano said at once it was terrible. Miller
added something to effect that if my memory
were as faulty on all matters as on this it
was not of much good. I replied that I
had written down each statement that every
day but that I still gladly accept Sec. assurance that I had misquoted them.
(I could have my oath that each said exactly
what I stated).
Delano said he was the guilty person &
that he knew he was correct in slant of
his people.
Sister Sheldon told me he had written them
both asking on whom authority they made
the statement.
The record was made. Delano had insisted
on having him in what he said about
that horrible conduct -- the 3rd being Pittsburg
