116
Later Willis came in & said Harding had asked him to
act as an intermediary but Court & see Meador I
assured him to see they at his turn & to say H could
leave to date w. tin & Willis informed: that he
could & think he said the Court could be willing to
turn off intermediate if the they would yield to
their opinion on certain other matters &c. Other
not powers, clearing up (Probably there were
only Hardings views as to clearing up with us to other
not powers or whether opinion of Court, and I
know Delano wants clearings put through. (but
he is wholly abt other not powers).
Later W. set Harding said Court could compromise
if they could agree to fine out Classik at N. 78
force Court to give all subjects to Nat. Res Agt.
W. set the same Meador who agreed to meet
Harding tomorrow Sunday morning but set the
subject not to leave Willis business.
When called up they voted on events of day -
the choice of Harding's abbot w. tin. I said I
will never agree to compromise by changing vote
on any other matter & they set the subject with
others
10.30 P.M.
returned from dinner. Found message from Sec.
Meador asking me to call him up. I did &
he said he consulted I would write the President
as how far he can to obtain opinion from the
City. He as to law and authority of Nat. Res Agt
to consider certain districts and determine certain
just Res Class. I wrote them at once & sent letter up
and came down to see H. early in morning.
They said he would act as soon as he could
117
not be had when a member of the Bk City Council.
The City Commissioners advised me that we did not
ask an opinion from him not being an Exec. Board
of Court but stated perfectly that President may
ask him opinion on any subject.
I did not receive Mr Cuttans opinion that the
Board had such power until late this
P.M. too late to case any well thing, but I
felt that any citizen at any time can
address President on any subject & that in view of
emphasizing opinions of Meador & Cuttan it was of
vital importance to get his system function
welcome to have such an opinion to day before
my colleagues at meeting Monday morning
Nov. 21. Sunday.
Meador called me - said he got my letter. It was
being attended to - I told him I had sent
together some new ideas on the legal question
he asked me to send it to City. Him which
I did.
Some he had had a talk w. Harding and he
said he could not vote to unseat State a
law suit & could vote to dismiss whole
matter. Sec'y said he made no promise
of any kind - now died his day Harding
had assured any
Id be told Harding could be given permission
to admit to division out of 9 & must Harding
agreed to this
