252
that the rail, or credit demanded was largely
concentrated in 3 months in the fall; that
when they made advances of cash money
funds, the banks did not want any cotton in
1913, 14 or 15; that St Paul banks had only one
debtion of $500,000 in 1913; that these banks had
made only very limited use of the commodity
rate; that last fall the Union Pac. refused
to accept any East debentures; that he was
satisfied they could claim the railroad
finaally had moved to noble Peter and to
grant it as to securities covered by state
from by Willy. Lewis to Delano & Warburg.
On vote, Harding & C&S Agt.
Warburg & Delano No.
Delano is lost.
C&S said in view of their objections he
had no authority to record the debentures
as he & Harding had told him Del. &
Warburg omitted petition granted.
Mr. Williams had left room before this
discussion began & was not present
when vote taken.
Finaally we adjourned as C&S said
nothing toember w. Selys as to low
rate & Warburg had to leave.
253
Wab. finally said he could be recessed as
in favor of a hearing on May Aug. 15, no
further briefs to be required and Wab. be
allowed to intervene. Union Pac. otherwise
able to be notified.
at 3 P.M. Sen. Harding called. Harding explained
whole situation to him having as his second
secured Delano's consent to take turn
weighty, as to votes taken etc. he at once
asked Delano to come & he said he
would shortly.
At 3.30 he had not come in and Sen. H
& Harding left, Harding suggesting that Sen.
H. had better come & see Sec. Madden.
Later Delano came in & suggested he
go to Selys where Harding & Sen. H. probably
were.
I then went to Selys & found Harding &
Sen. H. Delano not there. Del. must be
gone & he came in.
Sec. H. said worried every body to understand
this question was to be decided in its
merits -- that even a suspension of
politics could cause a vote --
his mind: that he had consented
to vote for Peter on claim of his
Harding and Warburg (or Kennedy Delano)
that they all felt petition should be
granted.
