128
Nw 25. 2d.
which cannot doubt to check: but as a letter
w. above ideas but omitting, Black has.
fully old agents will not accept their last
insisted in a separate ruling.
I suggested obtaining opinion of City En. and Delawars
did not favor this
Ill. R. sent letter to Gov that he would remove
all deposits from Natl Bank in said City Cites &
paid all that in Fed Res Bank.
Miller moved that a course be adopted to which next
Monday a complete draft of regulation covering all
open mutual securities. it was suggested we voted
that Miller & Harding be asked. Harding said,
sincerely, he will be ready to vote.
Conclusively Miller is second line of his action &
Redistricting presents to go on record by some
radical language.
Welles said words came to him twice very ugly as to
any result he as to purchase of five Bases of cyclegt-
and Members serious matter about it -- Miller second
sense of words (seemed about it) but can return
them. Miller set words would let him by introducing
his (Welles) name insulting about it.
129
129
Nw 24 Thursday.
12:46 P.M. on Chicago.
Nw 25. Friday
Illinois at West Union. sat. dinner at Hotel La Salle.
Mr. Buell also spoke.
Abbe meeting Dr. Langhans came up to my room.
Id. up to a certain point always tried to get President
but after that did not even see him. Id. wellers
had not treated him fairly. Have a history of
Id. Res Act -- writes the drafted measure for
Illinois who gradually induced him to
accept it as also for Illinois to vote. President
it is his approval
when Bull was asked Senate he formed that Dr.
Miller had a copy of it and he understood
him to say -- it may be mistaken -- that he was
conferring w. N.Y. financiers to emasculate it.
Id. originally he was employed to give whole
truth to them; the N.Y. men knew their names
would kill it & induced Chicago men to under-
state it, N.Y. subscriptions liberally to express
with every dollar. legislature which he had
though; an enormous amount of work done in
West & South to stir up the people -- no
attempt to influence long, or senators excited
in this way; Id. even Sen. Vardaman assisted
the Bull.
Id. then N.Y. leaders were Vanderbilt -- Warburg &
Burch. They even formed that Chicago was
alluring in general purpose seeking a Bull --
interest of all the people & that N.Y. did not
