Bill & that with his strong cause very often offering
him a bill.
He said Dr L was an honest man but that he
wrote him directly as to authorizing of Senate
Bill & Dr L refused to discuss matters: said
Dr L. vacantly convinced the members were
working for their own rather than our
people's interest: Met Haynes & Reynolds
of Chicago with more narrow and biased
than Vanderbilt & Busch, and Dr L finally
gave up in despair.
Board voted today that I should introduce of the
Republican Club of N.Y. to address it on Mr. Las
Hait in January, Warburg said club had previously
invited him but that as he was a Republican
we thought it best to decline.
Now is the second time that he has announced
to the Board that he is a Republican. I had
thought that he hated him. Court whom called
before it on subject of his confirmation stated
he had no politics but would have voted
for Lincoln had he been qualified to vote.
In addition to above last year when attacked in
Senate he wrote Sen. Lucas saying he was a
Republican & embarking agent Rep. alludes
& Lucas replied that he was against such
attacks.
134
Mr. Vanderbilt
took up question in Bill of alterations numerics
of reading of Nov 22 when Atty. Evans then
was read by me. Miller had a very
abbreviated account and an amplyfield
cut. Did not really please any cut and
no action taken. Miller & Delano wanted
a direct report of Harding & Warburg a
longer cut. Much discussion about my
act in asking President to set opinion of
Atty. Ev. Harding so he had drawn a
draft of Court report on this but it
had not been passed by Court.
I said well be glad to have any act
Court defend as to a fault in Court
but of course if my Act was
erchiefed I could submit in full my
reasons for believing an injunction
existed warranting my action. Miller
complained of Executive influence
every- as he extremely said - to the
President.
We discussed the matter the whole
morning - I said there was an
emergency justifying my action - similar
to " I presumed must have expected
when Mr. Vanderbilt went to Gen. Slocum
to do his business & Col. Hauck.
Mr. Vanderbilt said he did this as an inducement to Gen.
Hauck to go to Gen. Slocum.
Mr. Vanderbilt said he would not go to Gen. Slocum
to do his business.
Mr. Vanderbilt said he would not go to Gen. Slocum
to do his
business.
Mr. Vanderbilt
