I then wired Compt. Wilkens - (but in call for
Wilkins and if he not there then for Comptroller)
he said he could have Wilkins call the
meeting for N.Y. & could ask Wilkins to be
there. Later he telephoned that Wilkins &
Miller & he could come on.
I then wired Harding - N.Y. The subject
he could be there.
Later Allen wired meeting would be in sub-
treasury instead of at Res bank.
Truck Fall River line to N.Y.
Hurday Aug. 10
went to Federal Res Bank had letter in Eny Strong: He
said acknowledgement matter must be decided on way
or the other that day as Brown Bear must come
that night.
Then went to Sub. Treasury. Wilkens was there &
said Wash. Harding, Miller & Wilkins were across
the street & insisted on leaving the meeting
at 3rd Res bank. We decided that meeting should
be in Sub. place as finally called but it would be
better for us to go to Burnett as matter was
so urgent. I telephoned Bank and told Mr.
Wardling & Harding. The latter said he could
meet anywhere but the 2 former gentlemen
declined to meet at Sub. place unless I could
agree to immediately adjourn to the Bank. They
said they had no regret to change place of
meeting & that to meet at Sub. near cold
aphort them must to newspaper reporters
and cold made it seem as if the Bd was
part of their Debt. I said, as our meeting
was in a sure advance to the Banks it
would be better to meet elsewhere as it might
seem as if the Bd were domination over
them, however, refused, so went I went over
to the Bank and I opened the meeting.
Harding had prepared a draft of letter
defending firm mind which all had read
and to which all agreed, including Eny Strong.
I passed point that it not sufficiently
say new acknowledgement could be given as
substitute for old - written the limits of
the letter of credit. Warburg, however, said
it plainly implied that and that it was
all regret. I told on this understanding I would
accept it.
I then added a clause that as related to the
present question submitted by Eny Strong
the letter should be considered as a modific-
ation of our letter to Strong of July 28
and this was agreed to.
Wash. made a strenuous effort to rebut
whole letter of July 28 substantially that
