154
Dec 6. Meeting.
After the meeting work agreed upon I felt about
3rd time repair work had been somewhat changed
in accord. w. my suggestions. I could not
yet read it carefully but could do so. work of
of gentlemen still ready to do the course could change
about 7 foot in some "wasty" things -- that course
had now shown clearly they were right in all
they said. work, etc they left obliged to secure
about foot about ally. En were not told that
branches could be established whereas that Res
has never established. I believed that there
should send nothing about branches; that
branches must be established by Res Res
& not by Fed. Res Board, under the Act; that
the present bank system is out of the 7
divisions & thus alread. controlled the branches;
furthermore I pointed out that I did
not believe the course mentioned branches
to Illinois or Cotton where asking them
obviously & that is no reason to reform ally En;
that no man old say will, or not branches
could be established. work. obliged -- of the
present bank refused to establish branches
as would sit off the Consolidated Dept.
again into a Fed Res Div & Bank.
155
Dec 7. Meeting
David W. Johnson ambassador to meet France
Chicagoawa. East made address, also Mr. Smith,
Sec. Railroad, ex-Sen Knox -- Col Thompson
Dec 10. Meeting
Today we attended the minutes of meetings of
Nov 15 & 22 -- my suggestions adding some items
were accepted. Williams & very successful request
to call further study. I also asked members as to
3rd aspect of course on resistance filed Dec. 4
During meeting Harding said "supposing we
arrive to make a test case, in state of ally
thus opposed & immobilize 2 Districts leaving it
our course ultimately to determine question --
Warburg said at meal he thought this
ought to be done. Delano said nothing
at meeting Lord. Dec 8 we discussed question
of presenting chief exam to serve as Fed.
Res Agents. Delano presented a report
against this. I asked him if this meant
removal of State in N.Y. He said Yes.
I said I agreed to policy -- and was
only one of Board who previously had --
but this did not involve removal of
State but merely discontinuance of
Res. Res Agt leaving him as a Trust
