Army within me, that every word Meader said
was right and deserved
June 25. Today
Board completed draft of annual report for
a trussed roof. I put in an amendment
asserting that a specific statement of
just what Act was due in reduction rates
be inserted. Warburg objected, as did also
Dr Miller & Harding, in general that some lines
the Board might not want to leave the
responsibility for the prevailing low rates
of this city rested on overly expansion.
Seckleddoo said the rates were cheap.
refused to go into the reports of the Res Ayts
& it could be better met to go into two
much detail & be begged out to withdraw
the Board which I reluctantly did.
I also introduced an amendment showing
that expenses & debts old easily be carried
by the Res Ayts, & exist in most abnormal
lines, without serious complete cutbacks
numerous bonds, and reaffirming our
stand on last year's report that the old
Res bonds were not emergency bonds.
This was refused to Dr Miller to draft a
harmful for budget consideration.
175
Dr Miller put in an amendment to Sec. 14 adding
to the other night powers of the Res Ayts the
right to bring notice second by warehouse
receipts erecting agricultural stables. I moved
to amend this by authorizing purchase of notes
bearing the signatures of two or more redeemable
persons etc. all agreed that Dr Miller's motion
was too narrow, favoring, as it did, agricultural
products, and that, if any thing were to be
done, it should be broadened.
Warburg objected strongly to my motion -- said
trade acceptances would greatly enlarge scope
of the bill obligations & that notes should not
be included in open market powers.
Deisserted upon a vote, & finally some one
moved to lay whole matter on the table
for the present. The vote was a tie, Cuth,
Williams and I think Dr Miller voted No
and Delano, Warburg & Harding Ayl. Sec Meader
robbed Ayl, and matter was laid on the
table.
Seckleddoo said he favored my amendment
though it should not be passed at
present time. Delano said if forced to
vote now he could also favor my amendment
but thought it should be postponed.
