Wednesday May 8
while talking over the President's matter in the Blades asked
me whether my term expired - I told him August
and he said he thought it was suitable and of
August 10 there was ample time to arrange for
my reappointment. He said he would not
reappoint me while he, of course, did not
make the appointment, he felt certain it would
be all right. He added that he knew of no
one that had any candidates for the
place. He also said he had made up his
mind to commit himself when the President
the absolute necessity of reappointing me
on June - when my term began - but
it had another two years, although as he said
this would break Warburg's heart.
I told him I enjoyed the work immensely
and would be glad to be reappointed.
He added, that so far as the Commissioners
went, all I could claim was that
I was probably the most worthy
member of the Commission members.
He said there was much more to it
than that; that I was an excellent
the best fitted man for the position,
that I possessed judicial fairness, tact,
and ability to handle difficult questions
with absolute fairness.
225
May 16. Tuesday.
Gen. Strong had conferred with Board on question of
appointing a Foreign Agent or Correspondent for
the U.S. Res Brk of U.S. while abroad he had reached
an informal understanding with the Board
of England, understanding when matter properly, that
the Brk would act as Agent if desired and
would open an account w. U.S. Res Brk of
U.S. for itself & such other Res Brk as could
to join; that the Brk of England would guarantee
payment of all foreign bills brought for us and
would use marks the gold appearing to clubs
we hold in balance, no matter wh. a mora-
torium C.J. might be declared in future or not.
We often heard, U.S. Res Brk similarly would
guarantee Bills brought for Brk of England and
would use mark its gold as a shield debenture
not being allowed under U.S. Res Act to
open an account at bank with a foreign
Brk although it could open such an account
abroad.
Gen. S. pointed out that when cotton &
wheat began to move there would be a blood
of Bills in market who would tend to
depress exchange still lower. If U.S. Res
Brk were to buy exchange at such
times it could stabilize it to great gain
of our supporters. The brought bills would
be sent abroad and placed to our
credit in Brk of England and would
obstruct future claims on our gold.
