U.S. but that he had said at times it did not
apply to any director or officer now in office
but only to directors in election or appointed in
future.
Would such thing ever be voted on it an
attempt that would cost meant money
& that being introduced it on any way
of getting rid of stock, I stated him such a
maniplet had never occurred to me.
If it has any such application we should also
have to call our neighbor of Twin Wells,
Gov. Hanna of N. Dakota as well a stock
holder.
After long discussion passed a resolution forbidding
holders of public or private office, U.S. State
Lease, etc from being eligible for election or to act
as directors, officers etc.
Also resolution that future election of U.S.
Lease owners should not be eligible for act
or U.S. Red Res Agent or State Director.
Williams opposed to give votes to Red Res Agent or U.S.
Lease owner.
From Dec. 28
Modestock above political resolution - directors already
elect not required to resign.
Passed resolution, Judge Cunnick stated not in favor
from directors, officers etc of Red Res Agent - not
to apply to directors until Jan 1, 1917.
United several East directors.
See U.S. said political resolution not intended to
apply to those now in office - to make this
claim above and put forward.
I pointed out that resolution passed today
is yesterday on to annual election of officers
will give out Red Res Agent for serving as
Director of U.S. Lease. It must Sec. U.S. said
no, but later agreed to this.
Elected President, Director & Secy. Red Res Agent
at 4 p.m. working State Department as
Secy. The Agent.
In discussing appointment of East directors at Kansas City
Williams pointed out that Judge Woodruff
Williams lay Red Res Agent Director - was a Republican
and said we were preventing Democrats.
This was our time, bulletins introduced
democracy into deliberations of Red, U.S., etc. If
we ought to buy to have reasonable number
of men of all political parties represented.
Delaware set 2 out of 3 East directors at
Chicago were Democrats. Only a minute
was given to this discussion - I had no
opportunity to say anything - at broken
time, however, I shall make myself
clear that politicals should not enter into
our deliberations.
